Composer	Song	Lyrics	compound	neg	neu	pos
L	Mother	Mother, you had me, but I never had you   I wanted you, you didn't want me   So I, I just got to tell you   Goodbye, goodbye   Father, you left me, but I never left you   I needed you, you didn't need me   So I, I just got to tell you   Goodbye, goodbye   Children, don't do what I have done   I couldn't walk, and I tried to run   So I, I just got to tell you   Goodbye, goodbye   Mama, don't go, daddy, come home   Mama, don't go, daddy, come home   Mama, don't go, daddy, come home   Mama, don't go, daddy, come home   Mama, don't go, daddy, come home	-0.0857	0.012	0.988	0.0
L	Hold On	Hold on John   John hold on   It's gonna be alright   You're gonna win the fight   Hold on Yoko   Yoko hold on   It's going to be alright   You're going to make the flight   When you're by yourself   And there's no one else   You just have yourself   And you tell yourself   Just to hold on   Cookie   Hold on world   World hold on   It's going to be alright   You're going to see the light   And when you're one   Really one   Well you get things done   Like they've never been done   So hold on	0.835	0.047	0.808	0.145
L	I Found Out	I told you before, stay away from my door   Don't give me that brother, brother, brother, brother   The freaks on the phone, won't leave me alone   So don't give me that brother, brother, brother, brother No!   I - I found out!   I - I found out!   Now that I showed you what I been through,   Don't take nobody's word what you can do,   There ain't no Jesus gonna come from the sky   Now that I found out I know I can cry   I - I found out!   I - I found out!   Some of you sitting there with your cock in your hand   Don't get you nowhere don't make you a man   I heard something 'bout my ma and pa   They didn't want me so they made me a star   I - I found out!   I - I found out!   Old Hare Krishna got nothing on you   Just keep you crazy with nothing to do   Keep you occupied with pie in the sky   There ain't no Guru who can see through your eyes   I - I found out!   I - I found out!   I seen through junkies I been through it all   I seen religion from Jesus to Paul   Don't let them fool you with dope and cocaine   Can't do you no harm to feel your own pain   I - I found out!   I - I found this out!   I - I found out...	0.505	0.052	0.883	0.065
L	Working Class Hero	As soon as you're born, they make you feel small   By giving you no time instead of it all   Till the pain is so big you feel nothing at all   A working class hero is something to be   A working class hero is something to be   They hurt you at home and they hit you at school   They hate you if you're clever and they despise a fool   Till you're so fucking crazy you can't follow their rules   A working class hero is something to be   A working class hero is something to be   When they've tortured and scared you for twenty odd years   Then they expect you to pick a career   When you can't really function, you're so full of fear   A working class hero is something to be   A working class hero is something to be   Keep you doped with religion and sex and TV   And you think you're so clever and classless and free   But you're still fucking peasants as far as I can see   A working class hero is something to be   A working class hero is something to be   There's room at the top, they are telling you still   But first you must learn how to smile as you kill   If you want to be like the folks on the hill   A working class hero is something to be   A working class hero is something to be   If you want to be a hero, well, just follow me   If you want to be a hero, well, just follow me	0.9913	0.09	0.689	0.221
L	Isolation	People say we got it made   Don't they know we're so afraid?   Isolation   We're afraid to be alone   Everybody got to have a home   Isolation   Just a boy and a little girl   Trying to change the whole wide world   Isolation   The world is just a little town   Everybody trying to put us down   Isolation   I don't expect you to understand   After you've caused so much pain   But then again, you're not to blame   You're just a human, a victim of the insane   We're afraid of everyone   Afraid of the sun   Isolation   The sun will never disappear   But the world may not have many years   Isolation	-0.9522	0.202	0.761	0.037
L	Remember	Remember when you were young?   How the hero was never hung   Always got away   Remember how the man   Used to leave you empty handed?   Always, always let you down   If you ever change your mind   About leaving it all behind   Remember, remember, today   And don't feel sorry   The way it's gone   And don't you worry   'Bout what you've done   Just remember when you were small   How people seemed so tall   Always had their way   Do you remember your Ma and Pa   Just wishing for movie stardom   Always, always playing a part   If you ever feel so sad   And the whole world is driving you mad   Remember, remember, today   And don't feel sorry   'Bout the way it's gone   And don't you worry   'Bout what you've done   No, no, remember, remember   The fifth of November	0.4068	0.069	0.829	0.101
L	Love	Love is real   Real is love   Love is feeling   Feeling love   Love is wanting   To be loved   Love is touch   Touch is love   Love is reaching   Reaching love   Love is asking   To be loved   Love is you   You and me   Love is knowing   We can be   Love is free   Free is love   Love is living   Living love   Love is needing   To be loved	0.9985	0.0	0.278	0.722
L	Well Well Well	Well well well oh well well well well oh well   I took my loved one out to dinner   So we could get a bite to eat   And though we both had been much thinner   She looked so beautiful I could eat her   Well well well oh well well well well oh well   I took my loved one to a big field   So we could watch the English sky   We both were nervous feeling guilty   And neither one of us knew just why   Well well well oh well well well well oh well   Well well well oh well well well well oh well...   We sat and talked of revolution   Just like two liberals in the sun   We talked of womens liberation   And how the hell we could get things done   Well well well oh well well well oh well   I took my loved one to a big field   So we could catch the English sky   We both were nervous feeling guilty   And neither one of us knew just why   Well well well oh well well well oh well   Well well well oh well well well oh well...	0.9982	0.054	0.45	0.496
L	Look At Me	Look at me   Who am I supposed to be?   Who am I supposed to be?   Look at me   What am I supposed to be?   What am I supposed to be?   Look at me   Oh my love, oh my love   Here I am   What am I supposed to do?   What am I supposed to do?   Here I am   What can I do for you?   What can I do for you?   Here I am   Oh my love, oh my love   Please look at me, oh please look at me, my love   Here I am   Oh my love   Who am I?   Nobody knows but me   Nobody knows but me   Who am I?   Nobody else can see   Just you and me   Who are we?   Oh my love, oh my love, oh my love	0.9893	0.0	0.76	0.24
L	God	God is a concept   By which we measure our pain   I'll say it again   God is a concept   By which we measure our pain   Yeah   Pain   Yeah   I don't believe in magic   I don't believe in I-Ching   I don't believe in Bible   I don't believe in Tarot   I don't believe in Hitler   I don't believe in Jesus   I don't believe in Kennedy   I don't believe in Buddha   I don't believe in Mantra   I don't believe in Gita   I don't believe in Yoga   I don't believe in Kings   I don't believe in Elvis   I don't believe in Zimmerman   I don't believe in Beatles   I just believe in me   Yoko and me   And that's reality   The dream is over   What can I say?   The dream is over   Yesterday   I was the dreamweaver   But now I'm reborn   I was the walrus   But now I'm John   And so dear friends   You'll just have to carry on   The dream is over	0.9094	0.038	0.84	0.122
L	My Mummy's Dead	My mummy's dead   I can't get it through my head   Though it's been so many years   My mummy's dead   I can't explain   So much pain   I could never show it   My mummy's dead	-0.9551	0.362	0.638	0.0
L	Power To The People	Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   Say we want a revolution   We better get on right away   Well, you get on your feet   And out on the street   Singing power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   A million workers working for nothing   You better give 'em what they really own   We got to put you down   When we come into town   Singing power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   I gotta ask you comrade and brother   How do you treat you own woman back home?   She got to be herself   So she can free herself   Singing power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   Now, now, now, now   Oh well, power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   Yeah, power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people   Power to the people, right on   Power to the people   Power to the people   Oh well, power to the people   Power to the people, right on	0.9268	0.01	0.911	0.079
L	Do The Oz	Do the oz   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Do the oz   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Put your left hand in   Your right hand out   Do the oz, babe   Dance all about   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Do the oz   Do the oz, babe   Pull your right leg up   Your left leg down   Do the oz, babe   Get it all around   Do the oz   Do the oz   Do it, do it, do the oz   Ah, do the oz   Do the oz   Do the oz   Do it, do it, do it   Do it, do it   Do the oz   Pull your left wing in   And put your right wing out   Do the oz, baby   Spread it all about, ow!   Do the oz   Uh, uh   D'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do   D'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do   D'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do - d'do   Now, now, now, now, now, now, now   Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it   Do it, do it, do it   Well, do the oz   Yeah, do the oz   Yeah, do the oz, oz, baby   Well, do the oz, oz, baby   Well, do the oz, oz, baby   Well, do the oz, now, baby   Do it!	0.95	0.0	0.924	0.076
L	Imagine	Imagine there's no heaven   It's easy if you try   No hell below us   Above us only sky   Imagine all the people   Living for today   Imagine there's no countries   It isn't hard to do   Nothing to kill or die for   And no religion too   Imagine all the people   Living life in peace   You may say I'm a dreamer   But I'm not the only one   I hope someday you'll join us   And the world will be as one   Imagine no possessions   I wonder if you can   No need for greed or hunger   A brotherhood of man   Imagine all the people   Sharing all the world   You may say I'm a dreamer   But I'm not the only one   I hope someday you'll join us   And the world will live as one	0.8359	0.123	0.702	0.174
L	Crippled Inside	You can shine your shoes and wear a suit   You can comb your hair and look quite cute   You can hide your face behind a smile   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside   You can wear a mask and paint your face   You can call yourself the human race   You can wear a collar and a tie   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside   Well now, you know that your cat has nine lives, babe   Nine lives to itself   But you only got one   And a dog's life ain't fun   Mama, take a look outside   You can go to church and sing a hymn   You can judge me by the colour of my skin   You can live a lie until you die   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside   Well now, you know that your cat has nine lives, babe   Nine lives to itself   But you only got one   And a dog's life ain't fun   Mama, take a look outside   You can go to church and sing a hymn   Judge me by the colour of my skin   You can live a lie until you die   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside   One thing you can't hide   Is when you're crippled inside	-0.8567	0.078	0.85	0.072
L	Jealous Guy	I was dreaming of the past   And my heart was beating fast   I began to lose control   I began to lose control   I didn't mean to hurt you   I'm sorry that I made you cry   Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you   I'm just a jealous guy   I was feeling insecure   You might not love me anymore   I was shivering inside   I was shivering inside   Oh, I didn't mean to hurt you   I'm sorry that I made you cry   Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you   I'm just a jealous guy   I didn't mean to hurt you   I'm sorry that I made you cry   Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you   I'm just a jealous guy   I was trying to catch your eye   Thought that you was trying to hide   I was swallowing my pain   I was swallowing my pain   I didn't mean to hurt you   I'm sorry that I made you cry   Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you   I'm just a jealous guy, watch out   I'm just a jealous guy, look out, babe   I'm just a jealous guy	-0.9857	0.268	0.631	0.1
L	It's So Hard	You gotta live   You gotta love   You gotta be somebody   You gotta shove   But it's so hard, it's really hard   Sometimes I feel like going down   You gotta eat   You gotta drink   You gotta feel something   You gotta worry   But it's so hard, it's really hard   Sometimes I feel like going down   But when it's good   It's really good   And when I hold you in my arms baby   Sometimes I feel like going down   You gotta run   You gotta hide   You gotta keep your woman satisfied   But it's so hard, it's really hard   Sometimes I feel like going down	0.9104	0.146	0.642	0.212
L	Gimme Some Truth	I'm sick and tired of hearing things   From uptight, short-sighted, narrow-minded hypocritics   All I want is the truth   Just gimme some truth   I've had enough of reading things   By neurotic, psychotic, pig-headed politicians   All I want is the truth   Just gimme some truth   No short-haired, yellow-bellied, son of Tricky Dick   Is gonna Mother Hubbard soft soap me   For just a pocketful of hope   Money for dope   Money for rope   Woo hoo   No short-haired, yellow-bellied, son of Tricky Dick   Is gonna Mother Hubbard soft soap me   With just a pocketful of soap   Money for dope   Money for rope   I'm sick to death of seeing things   From tight-lipped, condescending, mama's little chauvinists   All I want is the truth,   Just gimme some truth, now   I've had enough of watching scenes   With schizophrenic, ego-centric, paranoiac prima-donnas   All I want is the truth now, now   Just gimme some truth   No short-haired, yellow-bellied, son of Tricky Dick   Is gonna Mother Hubbard soft soap me   With just a pocketful of soap   It's money for dope   Money for rope   Ah, I'm sick to death of peering things   From uptight, short-sighted, narrow-minded hypocrites   All I want is the truth, now   Just gimme some truth, now   I've had enough of reading things   By neurotic, psychotic, pig-headed politicians   All I want is the truth, now   Just gimme some truth, now   All I want is the truth, now   Just gimme some truth, now   All I want is the truth   Just gimme some truth   All I want is the truth   Just gimme some truth	-0.8591	0.184	0.63	0.186
L	Oh My Love	Oh my love for the first time in my life   My eyes are wide open   Oh my lover for the first time in my life   My eyes can see   I see the wind   Oh I see the trees   Everything is clear in my heart   I see the clouds   Oh I see the sky   Everything is clear in our world   Oh my love for the first time in my life   My mind is wide open   Oh my love for the first time in my life   My mind can feel   I feel sorrow   Oh I feel dreams   Everything is clear in my heart   I feel life   Oh I feel love   Everything is clear in our world	0.9839	0.024	0.735	0.241
L	How Do You Sleep?	So   Sgt. Pepper   took you by surprise   You better see right through that mother's eyes   Those freaks was right when they said you was dead   The one mistake you made was in your head   Tell me, how do you sleep?   Tell me, how do you sleep at night?   You live with straights who tell you you was king   Jump when your mama tell you anything   The only thing you done was   Yesterday   And since you've gone, you're just   Another Day   Tell me, how do you sleep at night?   Tell me, how do you sleep at night?   Ah, how do you sleep at night?   A pretty face may last a year or two   But pretty soon, they'll see what you can do   The sound you make is Muzak to my ears   You must have learned something in all those years   Ah, how do you sleep, brother?   Ah, tell me, how do you sleep at night?	0.7438	0.034	0.9	0.066
L	How?	How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?   How can I go forward when I don't know which way to turn?   How can I go forward into something I'm not sure of?   Oh no, oh no   How can I have feeling when I don't know if it's a feeling?   How can I feel something if I just don't know how to feel?   How can I have feelings when my feelings have always been denied?   Oh no, oh no   You know life can be long   And you got to be so strong   And the world is so tough   Sometimes I feel I've had enough   How can I give love when I don't know what it is I'm giving?   How can I give love when I just don't know how to give?   How can I give love when love is something I ain't never had?   Oh no, oh no   You know life can be long   You've got to be so strong   And the world she is tough   Sometimes I feel I've had enough   How can we go forward when we don't know which way we're facing?   How can we go forward when we don't know which way to turn?   How can we go forward into something we're not sure of?   Oh no, oh no	0.9554	0.077	0.797	0.127
L	Oh Yoko!	In the middle of the night   In the middle of the night I call your name   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, my love will turn you on   In the middle of the bath   In the middle of the bath I call your name   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, my love will turn you on   My love will turn you on   In the middle of a shave   In the middle of a shave I call your name   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, my love will turn you on   In the middle of a dream   In the middle of a dream I call your name   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, my love will turn you on   My love will turn you on   In the middle of a cloud   In the middle of a cloud I call your name   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, my love will turn you on   Oh Yoko, oh Yoko, oh Yoko, oh Yoko	0.9876	0.0	0.808	0.192
L	New York City	"Standing on the corner, just me and Yoko Ono   We was waiting for Jerry to land   Up come a man with a guitar in his hand   Singing, ""Have a marijuana if you can""   His name was David Peel and we found that he was real   He sang, ""The Pope smokes dope every day""   Up come a policeman shoved us up the street   Singing, ""Power to the people today""   New York City   New York City   New York City   Que pasa, New York?   Que pasa, New York?   Well, down to Max's Kansas City, got down the nitty gritty   With the Elephants Memory Band   Laid something down as the news spread around   About the Plastic Ono Elephants Memory Band   And we played some funky boogie and laid some tutti-frutti   Singing, ""Long Tall Sally's a man""   Up come a preacher-man trying to be a teacher   Singing, ""God's a red herring in drag""   New York City   New York City   New York City   Que pasa, New York?   Que pasa, New York?   New York City   New York City   New York City   Que pasa, New York?   Que pasa, New York?   Well, we did the Staten Island Ferry, making movies for the telly   Played the Fillmore and Apollo for freedom   Tried to shake our image, just a cycling through the Village   But found that we had left it back in London   Well, nobody came to bug us, hustle us or shove us   We decided to make it our home   If the Man wants to shove us out, we gonna jump and shout   The Statue of Liberty said, ""Come""   New York City   New York City   New York City   Que pasa, New York?   Que pasa, New York?   New York City   Back in New York City   New York City   Que pasa, New York?   Que pasa, New York?"	0.9233	0.013	0.927	0.06
L	Woman Is The N* Of The World	Woman is the n***** of the world   Yes, she is, think about it   Woman is the n***** of the world   Think about it, do something about it   We make her paint her face and dance   If she won't be a slave, we say that she don't love us   If she's real, we say she's trying to be a man   While putting her down we pretend that she's above us   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave of the slaves   Oh yeah, you better scream about it, yeah   We make her bear and raise our children   And then we leave her flat for being a fat old mother hen   We tell her home is the only place she should be   Then we complain that she's too unworldly to be our friend   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave to the slave   Yeah, alright, hit it   We insult her every day on TV   And wonder why she has no guts or confidence   When she's young, we kill her will to be free   While telling her not to be so smart we put her down for being so dumb   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave to the slaves, yes, she is   If you believe me, you better scream about it   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance   Woman is the n***** of the world   Yes, she is, think about it   Woman is the n***** of the world   Think about it, do something about it   We make her paint her face and dance   If she won't be a slave, we say that she don't love us   If she's real, we say she's trying to be a man   While putting her down we pretend that she's above us   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave of the slaves   Oh yeah, you better scream about it, yeah   We make her bear and raise our children   And then we leave her flat for being a fat old mother hen   We tell her home is the only place she should be   Then we complain that she's too unworldly to be our friend   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave to the slave   Yeah, alright, hit it   We insult her every day on TV   And wonder why she has no guts or confidence   When she's young, we kill her will to be free   While telling her not to be so smart we put her down for being so dumb   Woman is the n***** of the world, yes, she is   If you don't believe me, take a look at the one you're with   Woman is the slave to the slaves, yes, she is   If you believe me, you better scream about it   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance   We make her paint her face and dance	0.8948	0.09	0.8	0.11
L	Instant Karma! We All Shine On	Instant Karma's gonna get you   Gonna knock you 'round the head   You better get yourself together   Pretty soon you're gonna be dead   What in the world you thinking of?   Laughing in the face of love   What on Earth you tryin' to do?   It's up to you   Yeah, you   Instant Karma's gonna get you   Gonna look you right in the face   Better get yourself together, darling   Join the human race   How in the world you gonna see?   Laughin' at fools like me   Who on Earth d'you think you are   A superstar?   Well, right you are   Well, we all shine on   Like the moon and the stars and the sun   Well, we all shine on   Everyone, c'mon   Instant Karma's gonna get you   Gonna knock you off your feet   Better recognize your brothers   Everyone you meet   Why in the world are we here?   Surely not to live in pain and fear   Why on Earth are you there   When you're everywhere   Come and get your share   Well, we all shine on   Like the moons and the stars and the sun   Yeah, we all shine on   C'mon and on and on, on, on   Yeah, yeah   Alright   Uh-huh   Ah   Well, we all shine on   Like the moon and the stars and the sun   Yeah, we all shine on   On and on and on, on and on   Well, we all shine on   Like the moon and the stars and the sun   Yeah, we all shine on   Like the moons and the stars and the sun   Yeah, we all shine on   Like the moons and the stars and the sun   Yeah, we all shine on   Like the moon and the stars and the sun	0.9955	0.042	0.71	0.248
L	Cold Turkey	Temperature's rising   Fever is high   Can't see no future   Can't see no sky   My feet are so heavy   So is my head   I wish I was a baby   I wish I was dead   Cold turkey has got me on the run   My body is aching   Goose-pimple bone   Can't see nobody   Leave me alone   My eyes are wide open   Can't get to sleep   One thing I'm sure of   I'm in at the deep freeze   Cold turkey has got me on the run   Cold turkey has got me on the run   Thirty-six hours   Rolling in pain   Praying to someone   Free me again   Oh, I'll be a good boy   Please make me well   I promise you anything   Get me out of this hell   Cold turkey has got me on the run   Oh, oh, oh, oh	0.6025	0.113	0.706	0.181
L	Hound Dog	We like to do the last number and go and recover.   One, two, three, four!   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time;   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time.   You ain't never caught a rabbit   And you ain't no friend of mine.   When they said that you was highclassed,   That was just a lie;   When they said that you was highclassed,   That was just a lie.   You ain't never caught no rabbit,   You ain't no friend of mine.   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time;   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time.   You ain't never caught no rabbit   You ain't no friend of mine.   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time;   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time.   You ain't never caught a rabbit   You ain't no friend of mine.   Well, they said that you was highclassed,   Well, that was just a lie;   Well, they said that you was highclassed, babe,   You know it's a lie.   You ain't never caught no rabbit,   You ain't no friend of mine.   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time;   You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,   Cryin' all the time.   Elvis, I love you!   You ain't never caught no rabbit   You ain't no friend of mine	0.9779	0.031	0.836	0.133
L	Give Peace A Chance	Two, a-one two three four   Everybody's talking about   Bagism, Shagism, Dragism, Madism, Ragism, Tagism   This-ism, that-ism, is-m, is-m, is-m   All we are saying is give peace a chance That's all we're saying   All we are saying is give peace a chance Yeah, come on   Everybody's talking about ministers   Sinisters, banisters and canisters   Bishops and fishops and Rabbis and Popeyes   And bye bye, bye bye   All we are saying is give peace a chance What are we saying? Give peace a chance   All we are saying is give peace a chance Gimme a chance, baby, this is right   Let me tell you now   Everybody's talking about   Revolution, evolution, masturbation   Flagellation, regulation, integration   Meditation, United Nations   Congratulations   All we are saying Keep talking is give peace a chance You can't stop this one   All we are saying Let's hear it for the West coast is give peace a chance Oh let's stick to this, yeah   Everybody's talking about   John and Yoko, Timmy Leary, Rosemary   Tommy Smothers, Bobby Dylan, Tommy Cooper   Derek Taylor, Norman Mailer   Alan Ginsberg, Hare Krishna   Hare-Hare Krishna   All we are saying is give peace a chance Come on, come on, come on   All we are saying is give peace a chance Let's hear it for the squares   All we are saying is give peace a chance Let's hear it for the hippies and the yippies, yeah   All we are saying Come on is give peace a chance Let's hear it for the people now, yeah   All we are saying is give peace a chance Let's hear it for Hare Krishna, yeah   All we are saying Hare Krishna is give peace a chance Everybody now, come on   All we are saying is give peace a chance How do we say it? Let me hear you   All we are saying is give peace a chance Everybody now, come on   All we are saying You won't get it unless you want it, and we want it now is give peace a chance Yeah   All we are saying Come together is give peace a chance Come together all together   All we are saying is give peace a chance Can anybody hear me? Yeah   All we are saying We can get it tomorrow, today is give peace a chance But we really want it now, OK? Now   All we are saying is give peace a chance Yes, yes   All we are saying is give peace a chance OK, beautiful, yeah, peace, hey, peace, hey, we made it, peace!	0.9987	0.004	0.712	0.284
L	Sisters, O Sisters	We lost our green land  We lost our clean air  We lost our true wisdom   And we live in despair   Sisters, O sisters   Lets stand up right now   It's never too late   To start from the start   Wisdom, O wisdom   That's what we ask for   And yes, my dear sisters   We must learn to ask   Wisdom, O wisdom   That's what we ask for   That's what we live for now   Wisdom, O wisdom   That's what we ask for   That's what we live for now   Sisters, O sisters   Let's wake up right on   It's never too late   To shout from our hearts   Freedom, O freedom   That's what we fight for   And yes, my dear sisters   We must learn to fight   Freedom, O freedom   That's what we ask for   That's what we live for now   Freedom, O freedom   That's what we ask for   That's what we live for now   Sisters, O sisters   Let's give up no more   It's never too late   To build a new world   New world, O New world   That's what we live for   And yes, my dear sisters   We must learn to live   New world, O New world   That's what we live for   That's what we must now learn to build   New world, O New world   That's what we live for   That's what we must now learn to build   New world, O New world   That's what we live for   That's what we must now learn to build   New world, O New world   That's what we live for   That's what we must learn to build	0.9953	0.053	0.722	0.225
L	Attica State	"What a waste of human power   What a waste of human lives   Shoot the prisoners in the towers   Forty-three poor widowed wives   Attica State, Attica State   We're all mates with Attica State   Media blames it on the prisoners   But the prisoners did not kill   ""Rockefeller pulled the trigger""   That is what the people feel   Attica State, Attica State   We're all mates with Attica State   Free the prisoners, jail the judges   Free all prisoners everywhere   All they want is truth and justice   All they need is love and care   Attica State, Attica State   We're all mates with Attica State   They all live in suffocation   Let's not watch them die in sorrow   Now's the time for revolution   Give them all a chance to grow   Attica State, Attica State   We're all mates with Attica State   Come together join the movement   Take a stand for human rights   Fear and hatred clouds our judgement   Free us all from endless night   Attica State, Attica State   We're all mates with Attica State   Attica State, Attica State   We all live in Attica State   Attica State, Attica State   Attica, Attica, Attica State"	0.8061	0.177	0.633	0.19
L	Born In A Prison	We're born in a prison   Raised in a prison   Sent to a prison called school   We cry in a prison   We love in a prison   We dream in a prison like fools   Wood becomes a flute when it's loved   Reach for yourself and your battered mates   Mirror becomes a razor when it's broken   Look in the mirror and see your shattered fate   We live with no reason   Kicked around for no reason   Thrown out without reason like tools   We work in a prison   And hate in a prison   And die in a prison as a rule   Wood becomes a flute when it's loved   Reach for yourself and your battered mates   Mirror becomes a razor when it's broken   Look in the mirror and see your shattered fate   We live in a prison   Among judges and wardens   And wait for no reason for you   We laugh in a prison   Go through all four seasons   And die with no vision of truth   Wood becomes a flute when it's loved   Reach for yourself and your battered mates   Mirror becomes a razor when it's broken   Look in the mirror and see your shattered fate	-0.9947	0.315	0.573	0.112
L	Sunday Bloody Sunday	Well, it was Sunday, bloody Sunday   When they shot the people there   The cries of thirteen martyrs   Filled the Free Derry air   Is there any one amongst you   Dare to blame it on the kids?   Not a soldier boy was bleeding   When they nailed the coffin lids   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   You claim to be majority   Well, you know that it's a lie   You're really a minority   On this sweet emerald isle   When Stormont bans our marches   They've got a lot to learn   Internment is no answer   It's those mothers' turn to burn   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   You anglo pigs and scotties   Sent to colonize the North   You wave your bloody Union Jack   And you know what it's worth   How dare you hold to ransom   A people proud and free   Keep Ireland for the Irish   Put the English back to sea   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   Well, it's always bloody Sunday   In the concentration camps   Keep Falls Road free forever   From the bloody English hands   Repatriate to Britain   All of you who call it home   Leave Ireland to the Irish   Not for London or for Rome   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day   Sunday, bloody Sunday   Bloody Sunday's the day	-0.9897	0.232	0.682	0.086
L	Luck Of The Irish	If you had the luck of the Irish   You'd be sorry and wish you were dead   You should have the luck of the Irish   And you'd wish you was English instead   A thousand years of torture and hunger   Drove the people away from their land   A land full of beauty and wonder   Was raped by the British brigands   God damn! God damn   If you could keep voices like flowers   There'd be shamrock all over the world   If you could drink dreams like Irish streams   Then the world would be high as the mountain of mourne   In the 'Pool they told us the story   How the English divided the land   Of the pain, the death and the glory   And the poets of auld Eireland   If we could make chains with the morning dew   The world would be like Galway Bay   Let's walk over rainbows like leprechauns   The world would be one big Blarney stone   Why the hell are the English there anyway?   As they kill with God on their side   Blame it all on the kids the IRA   As the bastards commit genocide   Aye, aye... genocide   If you had the luck of the Irish   You'd be sorry and wish you was dead   You should have the luck of the Irish   And you'd wish you was English instead   Yes you'd wish you was English instead	0.2481	0.17	0.636	0.194
L	John Sinclair	It ain't fair, John Sinclair   In the stir for breathing air   Won't you care for John Sinclair?   In the stir for breathing air   Let him be, set him free   Let him be like you and me   They gave him ten for two   And what else can the judges do?   We gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta set him free   If he'd been a soldier man   Shooting gooks in Vietnam   If he was the CIA   Selling dope and making hay   He'd be free, they'd let him be   Breathing air like you and me, right on   They gave him ten for two   What else can the judges do?   We gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta set him free   They gave him ten for two   They got old Lee Otis too   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta set him free   Was he jailed for what he done?   Or representing everyone   Free John now, if we can   From the clutches of the man   Let him be, lift the lid   Bring him to his wife and kids, alright   They gave him ten for two   What else can the bastards do?   We gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta   Gotta, gotta, gotta set him free	0.96	0.046	0.834	0.12
L	Angela	Angela, they put you in prison   Angela, they shot down your man   Angela, you're one of the millions   Of political prisoners in the world   Sister, there's a wind that never dies   Sister, we're breathing together   Sister, our love and hopes forever   Keep on moving, oh, so slowly in the world   They gave you sunshine, they gave you sea   They gave you everything but the jailhouse key   They gave you coffee, they gave you tea   They gave you everything but equality   Angela, can you hear, the earth is turning?   Angela, the world watches you   Angela, you soon will be returning   To your sisters and brothers in the world   Sister, you're still a people teacher   Sister, your word reaches far   Sister, there's a million different races   But we all share the same future in the world   They gave you sunshine, they gave you sea   They gave you everything but the jailhouse key   They gave you coffee, they gave you tea   They gave you everything but equality   Angela, they put you in prison   Angela, they shot down your man   Angela, you're one of the millions   Of political prisoners in the world	-0.0516	0.064	0.863	0.073
L	We're All Water	There may not be much difference   Between Chairman Mao and Richard Nixon   If we strip them naked   There may not be much difference   Between Marilyn Monroe and Lenny Bruce   If we check their coffins   There may not be much difference   Between White House and Hall of People   If we count their windows   There may not be much difference   Between Raquel Welch and Jerry Rubin   If we hear their heartbeat   We're all water from different rivers   That's why it's so easy to meet   We're all water in this vast, vast ocean   Someday we'll evaporate together   There may not be much difference   Between Eldrige Cleaver and Queen of England   If we bottle their tears   There may not be much difference   Between Manson and the Pope   If we press their smile   There may not be much difference   Between Rockefeller and you   If we hear you sing   There may not be much difference   Between you and me   If we show our dreams   We're all water from different rivers   That's why it's so easy to meet   We're all water in this vast, vast ocean   Someday we'll evaporate together   What's the difference?   What's the difference?   There's no difference   There's no difference   What's the difference?	0.8369	0.03	0.907	0.063
L	Well... Baby Please Don't Go	You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well, well   You know I love you baby, please don't go   Oh, you know I love you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well, well   You know I need you, honey, please don't go, well, well   You know I love you baby, please don't go   And you know I love you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I love you, baby, please don't go   You know I want you, honey, please don't go, well   You know I want you baby, please don't go   You know I love you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well   You know I want you, honey, please don't go   You know I want you baby, please don't go   You know I want you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well	0.9957	0.067	0.62	0.313
L	Jamrag	Say please!   Please!   Please!   Say Please!   We take turns conducting   Okay	0.8825	0.0	0.328	0.672
L	Scumbag	"Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag, yeah! Scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag, ho!   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag.   Scumbag.   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag.   Scum, scum, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag.   -""Hey, listen! I don't know whether you can tell what the   Words are to this song but there's only two of them   And I'd like to have you sing along 'cause it's real easy.   Anybody who comes to the fillmore east can sing this song.   The name of the song is 'scumbag'.   Ok? And all you gotta do is sing 'scumbag'.   Right on, brothers and sister let's hear it for the 'scumbag'!""   Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag!   Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag!   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag,   Scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag, scumbag,   Scum,   Scumbag, baby, scumbag,   Scumbag.   Scumbag, baby,   Scumbag, baby, scumbag, baby   Scumbag, baby, scumbag, baby   Scumbag, scumbag, baby   Scumbag, scumbag, baby   Scumbag, oh yeah, scumbag   Scumbag scumbag   Scumbag scumbag who's scumbag?   Hey, scumbag, scumbag   Scumbag scumbag   Scumbag scumbag   Scumbag, scumbag,   Scum, uh!   Scumbag,   Scumbag,   Scumbag scumbag   Scumbag,   Scumbag,   Scumbag,   Scumbag.   Oh, oh, oh, yeah"	-0.9999	0.824	0.151	0.025
L	Au	Good night!   Good night, thank you!   Thank you   We'd like to thank Frank for having us on here   Yeah, he's great, isn't he? He's the greatest	0.9773	0.0	0.387	0.613
L	Mind Games	We're playing those mind games together   Pushing the barrier, planting seed   Playing the mind guerrilla   Chanting the mantra, peace on Earth   We all been playing those mind games forever   Some kinda druid dude lifting the veil   Doing the mind guerrilla   Some call it magic, the search for the grail   Love is the answer   And you know that for sure   Love is a flower   You gotta let it, you gotta let it grow   So keep on playing those mind games together   Faith in the future, out of the now   You just can't beat on those mind guerrillas   Absolute elsewhere in the stones of your mind   Yeah, we're playing those mind games forever   Projecting our images in space and in time   Yes is the answer   And you know that for sure   Yes is surrender   You gotta let it, you gotta let it go   So keep on playing those mind games together   Doing the ritual dance in the sun   Millions of mind guerrillas   Putting their soul power to the karmic wheel   Keep on playing those mind games forever   Raising the spirit of peace and love   Love   I want you to make love, not war   I know you've heard it before	0.995	0.006	0.731	0.263
L	Tight A$	Just as tight a$ you can make it   Hard and slow ain't hard enough   Just tight a$ you can shake it, girl   Get it on and do your stuff   Tight a$ you can get it   Tight a$ got it made   Uptight's alright but if ya can't stand the heat   You better get back in the shade   Just tight a$ an Indian rope trick   Long and tough ain't hard enough   Just as tight a$ a dope fiend's fix my friend   Get it up and do your stuff   Tight a$ you can boogie   Tight a$ got it made   Uptight alright's alright but if ya can't stand the heat   You better get back in the shade   Well tight a$ got me concerned   Tight a$ got me laid   Tight a$ strut your stuff so tough   Just sweating in the midnight shade...	0.8991	0.073	0.791	0.137
L	Aisumasen I'm Sorry	When I'm down, really yin   And I don't know what I'm doing   Aisumasen, aisumasen Yoko   All I had to do was call your name   All I had to do was call your name   And when I hurt you and cause you pain   Darlin' I promise I won't do it again   Aisumasen, aisumasen Yoko   It's hard enough I know just to feel your own pain   It's hard enough I know to feel, feel your own pain   All that I know is just what you tell me   All that I know is just what you show me   When I'm down, real sanpaku   And I don't know what to do   Aisumasen, aisumasen Yoko san   All I had to do was call your name   Yes, all I had to do was call your name	-0.8779	0.113	0.853	0.035
L	One Day At A Time	You are my weakness   You are my strength   Nothing I have in the world   Makes better sense   'Cause I'm the fish and you're the sea.   When we're together   Or when we're apart   There's never a space in between   The beat of our hearts   'Cause I'm the apple and you're the tree.   One day a time is all we do   One day at a time is good for you   Yeah you yeah you yeah you.   You are my woman   I am your man   Nothing else matters at all,   Now I understand   That I'm the door and you're the key.   And every morning   I wake in your smile   Feeling your breath on my face   And in the love in your eyes   'Cause you're the honey and I'm the bee.   One day at a time is all we do   One day at a time is good for us two   Yeah us two yeah us two yeah you.	0.9786	0.022	0.789	0.189
L	Bring On The Lucie Freda Peeple	All right Boys, this is it, over the hill   We don't care what flag you're waving   We don't even wanna know your name   We don't care where you're from or where you're going   All we know is that you came   You're making all our decisions   We have just one request of you   That while you're thinking things over   It's something you just better do   Free the people now   Do it, do it, do it now   Well, we were caught with our hands in the air   Don't despair paranoia is everywhere   We can shake it with love when we're scared   So let's shout it aloud like a prayer   Free the people now   Do it, do it, do it now   We understand your paranoia   But we don't want to play your game   You think you're cool and know what you are doing   666 is your name   So while you're jerking off each other   You better bear this thought in mind   Your time is up you better know it   But maybe you don't read the signs   Free the people now   Do it, do it, do it now   Well you were caught with your hands in the kill   And you still got to swallow your pill   As you slip and you slide down the hill   On the blood of the people you killed   Free the people now   Stop the killing!   Do it, do it, do it now	0.1225	0.122	0.744	0.134
L	Intuition	My intentions are good, I use my intuition   It takes me for a ride   But I never understood other people's superstitions   It seemed like suicide   As I play the game of life   I try to make it better each and every day   And when I struggle in the night   The magic of the music seems to light the way   Ah, Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me everywhere   Well my instincts are fine   I had to learn to use them in order to survive   And time after time confirmed an old suspicion   It's good to be alive   And when I'm deep down and out and lose communication   With nothing left to say   It's then I realize it's only a condition   Of seeing things that way   Ah, Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me anywhere   Takes me anywhere, alright   Ah, Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me there   Intuition takes me there	0.8225	0.084	0.778	0.139
L	Out The Blue	Out the blue you came to me   And blew away life's misery   Out the blue life's energy   Out the blue you came to me   Everyday I thank the Lord and Lady   For the way that you came to me   Anyway it had to be two minds one destiny   Out the blue you came to me   And blew away life's misery   Out the blue life's energy   Out the blue you came to me   All my life's been a long slow knife   I was born just to get to you   Anyway I survived long enough to make you my wife   Out the blue you came to me   And blew away life's misery   Out the blue life's energy   Out the blue you came to me   Like a U.F.O. you came to me   And blew away life's misery   Out the blue life's energy   Out the blue you came to me	-0.2732	0.089	0.811	0.1
L	Only People	Only people know just how to talk to people   Only people know just how to change the world   Only people realize the power of people   Well, a million heads are better than one   So come on, get it on!   Well I know how we tried and the millions of tears that we cried   Now we are hipper we been through the trip   And we can't be denied with woman and man side by side   Make no mistake it's our future we're making   Bake the cake and eat it too!   We don't want no pig brother scene!   Only people know just how to talk to people   Only people know just how to change the world   Only people realize the power of people   Well, a million heads are better than one   So come on, get it on!   We'll it's long overdue there ain't nothing better to do   Now we are hipper we been through the trip   We can fly right on through, there's nothing on earth we can't do   Fish or cut bait it's our future we're making   All together now pull the chain   We don't want no pig brother scene!   Only people know just how to talk to people   Only people know just how to change the world   Repeat three more times	0.9258	0.04	0.858	0.103
L	I Know	The years have passed so quickly   One thing I've understood   I am only learning   To tell the trees from wood   I know what's coming down   And I know where it's coming from   And I know and I'm sorry yes I am   But I never could speak my mind   And I know just how you feel   And I know now what I have done   And I know and I'm guilty   But I never could speak my mind   I know what I was missing   But now my eyes can see   I put myself in your place   As you did for me   Today I love you more than yesterday   Right now I love you more right now   Now I know what's coming down   I can feel where it's coming from   And I know it's getting better all the time   As we share in each other's minds	0.9377	0.047	0.829	0.124
L	You Are Here	From Liverpool to Tokyo   What a way to go   From distant lands one woman one man   Let the four winds blow   Three thousand miles over the ocean   Three thousand light years from the land of the rising sun   Love has opened up my eyes   Love has blown right through   Wherever you are, you are here   Wherever you are, you are here   Three thousand miles over the ocean   Three thousand light years from the land of the surprising sun   Well now east is east and west is west   The twain shall meet   East is west and west is east   Let it be complete   Three thousand miles over the ocean   Three thousand light years from the land of the morning star	0.9118	0.0	0.901	0.099
L	Meat City	Well I been Meat City to see for myself   Well I been Meat City to see for myself   Been Meat City, been Meat...   Just got to give me some rock 'n roll   People were dancing like there's no tomorrow   Meat City   Fingerlickin chickinpickin Meat City shookdown U.S.A.   Pig Meat City   Well I been the mountain to see for myself   Well I been the mountain to see for myself   Been the mountain, been the...   Just got to give me some rock 'n roll   Snake doctors shakin like there's no tomorrow   Freak City   Chickinsuckin mothertruckin Meat City shookdown U.S.A.   Pig Meat City   Well I'm gonna China to see for myself   Well I'm gonna China to see for myself   Gonna China gonna ...   Just got to give me some rock 'n roll   People were jumping like there's no tomorrow   Meat City   Fingerlickin chickinpickin Meat City shookdown U.S.A.   Pig Meat City   Well I'm gonna China   Yes I'm gonna China   Well I'm gonna China   Yes I'm gonna China   I'm gonna China   Yes I'm gonna China   Alright	0.9756	0.034	0.778	0.188
L	Going Down On Love	Got to get down, down on my knees   Got to get down, down on my knees   Going down on love   Going down on love   Going down, going down, going down   When the real thing goes wrong   And you can't get it on   And your love she has gone   And you got to carry on   And you shoot out the light   Ain't coming home for the night   You know you got to, got to, got to pay the price   Somebody please, please help me   You know I'm drowning in the sea of hatred   Got to get down, down on my knees   Got to get down, down on my knees   Going down on love   Going down on love   Going down, going down, going down   Something precious and rare   Disappears in thin air   And it seems so unfair   Nothing doin' nowhere   Well you burn all your boats   And you sow your wild oats   Well you know, you know, you know the price is right!   Got to get down, down on my knees   Got to get down, down on my knees   Got to get down, down on my knees   Got to get down, down on my knees	0.9612	0.076	0.767	0.157
L	Old Dirt Road	Ain't no people on the old dirt road   No more weather on the old dirt road   It's better than a mudslide mamma when the dry spell come, yeah   Oh oh oh old dirt road   Ain't no difference on the old dirt road   Tarred and feathered on the old dirt road   Trying to shovel smoke with a pitchfork in the wind, yeah yeah yeah   Breezing through the deadwood on a hot summer day   I saw a human being lazybonin' out in the hay   I said uh, hey Mr. Human can ya rainmaker too?   He said I guess it's O.K. ya know the only thing we need is water   Cool, clear water, water   Ain't no people on the old dirt road   No more weather on the old dirt road   Better than a mudslide mamma when the morning comes, yeah   Oh oh oh oh old dirt road   Keep on keeping on   Keep on keeping on   So long, so long   Bye bye	0.4145	0.126	0.727	0.146
L	What You Got	Don't wanna be a drag, everybody gotta bag   I know you know, 'bout the emperor's clothes   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   Oh baby, baby, baby gimme one more chance   Well it's Saturday night and I just gotta rip it up   Sunday morning I just gotta give it up   Come Monday momma and I just gotta run away   You know it's such a drag to face another day   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   Oh baby, baby, baby gimme one more chance   You know the more it change, the more it stays the same   You gotta hang on in, you gotta cut the string   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know what you got, until you lose it   You don't know, you don't know what you got, until you lose it   Oh baby, baby, baby gimme one more chance	-0.958	0.14	0.818	0.043
L	Bless You	Bless you wherever you are   Windswept child on a shooting star   Restless Spirits depart   Still we're deep in each other's hearts   Some people say it's over   Now that we spread our wings   But we know better darling   The hollow ring is only last year's echo   Bless you whoever you are   Holding her now   Be warm and kind hearted   And remember though love is strange   Now and forever our love will remain	0.9856	0.039	0.629	0.333
L	Scared	I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared   I'm scared, so scared   I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared   As the years roll away   And the price that I paid   And the straws slips away   You don't have to suffer   It is what it is   No bell book or candle   Can get you out of this, oh no!   I'm scarred, I'm scarred, I'm scarred   I'm scarred, uh huh   I'm scarred, I'm scarred, I'm scarred   Every day of my life   I just manage to survive   I just wanna stay alive   You don't have to worry   In heaven or hell   Just dance to the music   You do it so well, well, well!   Hatred and jealousy, gonna be the death of me   I guess I knew it right from the start   Sing out about love and peace   Don't wanna see the red raw meat   The green eyed goddamn straight from your heart   I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired   Of being so alone   No place to call my own   Like a rollin' stone	-0.9822	0.261	0.603	0.136
L	#9 Dream	So long ago   Was it in a dream   Was it just a dream   I know, yes I know   Seemed so very real   It seemed so real to me   Took a walk down the street   Through the heat whispered trees   I thought I could hear, hear, hear, hear   Somebody call out my name John   As it started to rain John   Two spirits dancing so strange   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Dream, dream away   Magic in the air   Was magic in the air   I believe, yes I believe   More I cannot say   What more can I say   On a river of sound   Through the mirror I go 'round, 'round   I thought I could feel, feel, feel, feel   Music touching my soul nhoJ   Something warm sudden cold nhoJ   The spirit dance was unfolding   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss   Ah! bwakawa pouss, pouss ...	0.9153	0.014	0.876	0.11
L	Surprise, Surprise Sweet Bird Of Paradox	Hey   Sweet as the smell of success   Her body's warm and wet   She gets me through this god awful loneliness   A natural high butterfly, oh I   I need, need, need her   Just like a willow tree   A breath of spring you see   And, oh boy, you don't know what she do to me   She makes me sweat and forget who I am   I need, need, need, need, need her   Well I was wondering how long   This could go on, on and on   Well I thought I could never be surprised   But could it be that I bit my own tongue, oh yeah   It's so hard to swallow when you're wrong   A bird of paradise   The sunrise in her eyes   God only knows such a sweet surprise   I was blind she blew my mind think that I   I love, love, love, love, love her   I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her   Sweet sweet, sweet sweet love   Sweet sweet, sweet sweet love   Sweet sweet, sweet sweet love   Sweet sweet, sweet sweet love   Sweet sweet, sweet sweet love   Ah yeah   Ah yeah	0.9996	0.047	0.37	0.583
L	Steel And Glass	This is a story about your friend and mine   Who is it, who is it, who is it?  There you stand with your L.A. tan   And your New York walk and your New York talk   You're mother left you when you were small   But you're gonna wish you wasn't born at all   Steel and glass   Steel and glass   Steel and glass   Steel and glass   Your phone don't ring no one answers your call   How does it feel to be off the wall   Well your mouthpiece squawks as he spreads your lies   But you can't pull strings if your hands are tied   Well your teeth are clean but your mind is capped   You leave your smell like an alley cat   Steel and glass   Steel and glass   Steel and glass   Steel and glass	0.9183	0.034	0.836	0.13
L	Beef Jerky	Beef Jerky, beef jerky, beef jerky	0.0	0.0	1.0	0.0
L	Nobody Loves You When You're Down And Out	Nobody loves you when you're down and out   Nobody sees you when you're on cloud nine   Everybody's hustlin' for a buck and a dime   I'll scratch your back and you scratch mine   I've been across to the other side   I've shown you everything, I got nothing to hide   And still you ask me do I love you, what it is, what it is   All I can tell you is it's all show biz   All I can tell you is it's all show biz   Nobody loves you when you're down and out   Nobody knows you when you're on cloud nine   Everybody's hustlin' for a buck and a dime   I'll scratch your back and you knife mine   I've been across the water now so many times   I've seen the one eyed witchdoctor leading the blind   And still you ask me do I love you, what you say, what you say   Everytime I put my finger on it, it slips away   Everytime I put my finger on it, it slips away   Well I get up in the morning and I'm looking in the mirror to see, ooh wee!   Then I'm lying in the darkness and I know I can't get to sleep, ooh wee!   Nobody loves you when you're old and grey   Nobody needs you when you're upside down   Everybody's hollerin' 'bout their own birthday   Everybody loves you when you're six foot in the ground	0.9661	0.032	0.857	0.111
L	Ya Ya	Well, I'm sitting in the la la   Waiting for the ya ya, uh huh   I'm sitting in the la la   Waiting for the ya ya, uh huh   It may sound funny   But I don't believe she's comin', no, no   Hey, baby, hurry   Don't make worry, no   Hey, baby, hurry   Don't make worry, uh huh huh   You know that I love you   Yes, I love you, uh huh   Well, I'm sitting in the la la   Waiting for the ya ya, uh huh   I'm sitting in the la la   Waiting for the ya ya, uh huh huh   It may sound funny   But I don't believe she's comin', no, no   Boogie down one time   Hey, baby, hurry   Don't make worry, no, no   Hey, baby, hurry   Don't make worry, no, no   You know that I love you   Always thinking of you, yeah, yeah   Hey hey hey rock	0.9913	0.06	0.665	0.275
L	Be Bop A Lula	Well, be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll   Well, she's the gal in the red blue jeans   She's the queen of all the teens   She's the woman that I know   She's the woman that loves me so, say   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be Bop A Lula, she's my baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll Let's rock   Well, she's the woman who's got that beat   She's the woman with the flyin' feet   She's the woman walks around the store   She's the woman that yells come on, more, more, more   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll Let's rock again   Well, be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby   Be-bop-a-lula, I don't mean maybe   Be-bop-a-lula, she's my baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll	0.8779	0.0	0.932	0.068
L	Stand By Me	When the night has come   And the land is dark   And the moon is the only light we'll see   No, I won't be afraid, no, I won't be afraid   Just as long as you stand by me   And darling, darling, stand by me   Oh, now, now, stand by me   Stand by me   Stand by me   If the sky that we look upon   Should tumble and fall   And the mountains should crumble to the sea   I won't cry, I won't cry, no, I won't shed a tear   Just as long as you stand, stand by me   And darling, darling, stand by me   Oh, stand by me   Stand by me   Stand by me   Stand by me, yeah   Whenever you're in trouble   Won't you stand by me   Oh, now, now, stand by me   Oh, stand by me   Stand by me   Stand by me   Darling, darling, stand by me   Stand by me   Oh, stand by me   Stand by me   Stand by me, hee hee	0.9807	0.015	0.821	0.165
L	Rip It Up / Ready Teddy	Well, it's Saturday night, and I just got paid   Fool about my money, don't try to save   My heart says: Go! Go! Have a time   'Cause it's Saturday night and baby, I'm feelin' fine   Gonna rip it up   Gonna rock it up   Gonna shake it up   Gonna ball it up   Gonna rock it up   And ball the night   Got me a date and I don't be late   Picked her up in my eighty-eight   Shag on down to the Union hall   When the joint starts jumpin', and I'll have a ball   Gonna rip it up   Gonna rock it up   Gonna shake it up   Gonna ball it up   Gonna rock it up   And ball the night   Whoa!   Well, ready, set, go, man, go   I got a girl that I love so   And I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready, ready, teddy, to rock and roll   Goin' to the corner, pick up my sweetie pie   She's a rock and roll baby, she's the apple of my eye   I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready   Ready, ready, teddy   I'm ready, ready, teddy, to rock and roll	0.9951	0.036	0.671	0.293
L	You Can't Catch Me	I bought a brand new airmobile   'Twas a custom made, 'twas a flightning deal   With a powerful motor and a hide away wing   Push in on the button, you will hear her sing   Now, you can't catch me   Baby, you can't catch me   'Cause if you get too close   You know I'm goin' like cool breeze   Hey, hey   Well, you walk   You walk   New Jersey turnpike in the wee wee hours   I was rollin' slowly 'cause of drizzlin' showers   Here come a flat-top, he was movin' up with me   Then come waving goodbye in a souped up jitney   I put my foot in the tank, I began to roll   Moanin' siren, 'twas the state patrol   I let out my wings, then I blew my horn   Bye-bye, New Jersey, I become airborn   You can't catch me   Baby, you can't catch me   'Cause if you get too close   You know I'm goin' like cool breeze   Hey   Well, you walk   Yeah, walk   I bought a brand new airmobile   'Twas a custom made, 'twas a flightning deal   With a powerful motor and a hide away wing   Push in on the button, you will hear her sing   Now, you can't catch me   Baby, you can't catch me   'Cause if you get too close   You know I'm goin' like cool breeze   Hey, hey   Well, you walk   You walk   Flying with my baby last Saturday night   Wasn't a grey cloud floatin' in sight   Big, full moon, shinin' up above   Cuddle up, honey, be my love   Sweetest little thing that I ever seen   I'm gonna name you Maybellene   Flying on the beam, set on flight control   Radio tuned to rock and roll   Two, three hours passed us by   Altitude dropped into five-oh-five   Fuel consumption, way too fast   Let's get on home before we run out of gas   Now, you can't catch me   Baby, you can't catch me   'Cause if you get too close   You know I'm goin' like cool breeze   Git it on   Yeah, walk   Git it on   Git it on, git it on, do it   Git it on, git it on   You know you can't catch me	0.9851	0.012	0.882	0.106
L	Ain't That A Shame	You made me cry   When you said goodbye   Ain't that a shame?   My tears fell like rain   Ain't that a shame?   You're the one to blame   You broke my heart   When you said we'd part   Ain't that a shame?   My tears fell like rain   Ain't that a shame?   You're the one to blame   Boogie, babe!   Ain't that a shame?   Ain't that a shame?   Look out!   Farewell, goodbye   Although I'll cry   Ain't that a shame?   My tears fell like rain   Ain't that a shame?   You're the one to blame   Boogie, babe!   Ain't that a shame?   Ain't that a shame?   You made me cry   When you said goodbye   Ain't that a shame?   My tears fell like rain   Ain't that a shame?   You're the one to blame	0.9214	0.175	0.572	0.253
L	Do You Want To Dance	Doo, doo, doo-doo   Well, do you wanna dance, hold my hand?   Tell me, I'm your lovin' man?   Baby, do you wanna dance, dance, dance?   Well, do you wanna dance under the moonlight?   Hug and kiss all through the night, now?   Baby, do you wanna dance, dance, dance?   Well, do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Baby, do you wanna dance?   All right, all right   Look out   Look out   Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance? Do you wanna dance?   Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Well, do you wanna dance, make romance?   Kiss and squeeze, yeah, yeah?   Do you wanna dance?   All right, now, dance   Well!   Beep! Beep!   Wow!   Well, do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?   Baby, do you wanna dance?	0.9877	0.0	0.797	0.203
L	Sweet Little Sixteen	Whoa   They're really rockin' in Boston   In Pittsburgh, P.A.   Deep in the heart of Texas   On down the 'Frisco Bay   All over Saint Louis   And down in New Orleans   All the cats want to dance with   Sweet little sixteen   Sweet little sixteen   She's got the grown up blues   Tight dresses and lipstick   She's sportin' high heeled boots   Oh, but tomorrow morning   She's gonna have to change her trend   Become sweet sixteen   And back in class again   Oh mommy, mommy   Please, please, may I go?   You know it's such a sight to see them   Somebody steal the show   Oh, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy   You know I beg of you   Scream it to mama   It's alright with you   Because they're rockin' in New York   In Philadelphia, P.A.   Deep in the heart of Texas   Down the Rainbow, L.A.   All over Saint Louis   And down in New Orleans   All the mothers wanna to   Be sweet little sixteen   Sweet sweet sweet sixteen   She's so delicate   She's just got to have it   About half   Half a million	0.9708	0.04	0.791	0.169
L	Slippin' And Slidin'	Slippin' and a-slidin', peepin' and a-hidin'   Been told long time ago   Slippin' and a-slidin', peepin' and a-hidin'   Been told long time ago   I been told, baby, you been bold   I won't be your fool no more   Oh, big conniver, nothing but a jiver   Done got hip to your jive   Oh, big conniver, nothing but a jiver   Done got hip to your jive   Slippin' and a-slidin', peepin' and a-hidin'   Won't be your fool no more   Oh my Linda, she's a solid sender   You know you better surrender   Oh my Linda, she's a solid sender   You know you better surrender   Slippin' and a slidin', peepin' and a hidin'   Won't be your fool no more   Woo hoo   Slippin' and a-slidin', peepin' and a-hidin'   Been told long time ago   Slippin' and a-slidin', peepin' and a-hidin'   Been told long time ago   I been told, baby, you been bold   I won't be your fool no more   I won't be your fool no more, mama!	0.9268	0.088	0.747	0.165
L	Peggy Sue	If you knew Peggy Sue   Then you'd know why I feel blue   Without Peggy   My Peggy Sue   Oh well, I love you girl   Yes, I love you, Peggy Sue   Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue   Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue   Oh-ho, Peggy   My Peggy Sue   Oh well, I love you girl   And I need you, Peggy Sue   I love you, Peggy Sue   With a love so rare and true   Oh-ho, Peggy   My Peggy Sue   Oh yes, I love you, girl   And I want you, Peggy Sue   Look out   Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue   Oh how my hearts yearn for you   Oh-ho, Peggy   My Peggy Sue   Oh well, I love you, girl   And I want you, Peggy Sue   Oh yes, I love you, girl   And I want you, Peggy Sue   Oh	0.9964	0.0	0.61	0.39
L	Bring It On Home To Me / Send Me Some Lovin'	If you ever change your mind   About leavin', leavin' me behind   Oh, you'd better bring it to me   Bring your sweet lovin'   Bring it on home to me   Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah   You know I laughed, laughed when you left   But now I know, I only hurt myself   Oh, you'd better bring it to me   Bring your sweet lovin'   Bring it on home to me   Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah   Oh, you'd better bring it to me   Bring your sweet lovin'   Bring it on home to me   Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah   You know I'll always be your slave   Until I'm dead and buried in my grave   Oh, you'd better bring it to me   Bring your sweet lovin'   Bring it on home to me   Yeah yeah yeah yeah   Send me some lovin'   Send it, I pray   How can I love you   When you're so far away?   Send me your picture   Send it, my dear   So I can hold it   And pretend you are here   Send me your kisses   I can feel your touch   I need you, I need you so badly   Don't you know I miss you so much?   My days are so lonely   My nights are so blue   I'm here and I'm lonely   Just waitin' for you	0.9961	0.102	0.56	0.338
L	Just Because	Ah, remember this? Why, I must have been... thirteen when this came out! Or was it fourteen? Or was it twenty-two? I could have been twelve, actually.   Just because you left and said goodbye   Do you think that I will sit and cry?   Even if my heart should tell me so   Darling, I would rather let you go   Just because I want someone who's kind   With a heart as good and pure as mine   But maybe I am asking for too much   Darling, please don't ever break my heart   I know you think you're smart   Just runnin' around breakin' lovers' hearts   Just because you left and said goodbye, hey!   Do you think that I will sit and cry?   Even if my heart should tell me so   Darling, I would rather let you go   Woo-ooh hoo   It's too late, darling. You just gotta say goodbye. Why, the last time I saw you, you were wearing man's clothes. Not that I'm prejudiced, but you know. ??? But who am I to hassle you like this? I'm just gonna have to let you go. There's two basses in this. I hope you appreciate it. This is Doctor Winston O'Boogie saying goodnight from Record Plant East, New York. We hope you had a swell time. Everybody here says hi. Goodbye.   Just because you left and said goodbye   Do you think that I will sit and cry?   Even if my heart should tell me so   Darling, I would rather let you go   Ooh-ooh-hoo, goodbye   Ooh-hoo, so long   Been a long year	0.9951	0.033	0.765	0.202
L	Angel Baby	It's just like heaven   Being here with you.   You're like an angel,   Too good to be true.   But after all, I love you, I do.   Angel baby, my angel baby.   Uh, uh, I love you,   Uh, uh, I do,   No one can love you like I do.   Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh.   When you are near me   My heart skips a beat.   I can hardly stand on   My own two feet.   Because I love you, I love you, I do.   Angel baby, my angel baby.   Uh, uh, I love you,   Uh, uh, I do,   No one can love you like I do.   Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh.   Yeah!   Please, never leave me   Blue and alone.   If you ever go,   I'm sure you'll come back home.   Because I love you, I love you, I do.   Angel baby, my angel baby.   Uh, uh, I love you,   Uh, uh, I do,   No one can love you like I do.   Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh,   Uh, uh, uh.   Uh	0.9981	0.041	0.604	0.354
L	To Know Her Is To Love Her	To know, know, know her   Is to love, love, love her   Ev'ryone said there'll come a day   When i, I walk along side of her.   Yeah! Just to know, know, know her   Is to love, love, love her.   You know that I do,   You know that I do,   Yeah, I do, oh, I do.   Why, why can't she see?   Oh, how, how blind can she be?   Some day she'll see   That she was meant just for me, oh yeah.   To know, know, know her   Is to love, love, love her.   'Just, just to see her smile,   Makes my life worth while.   Yeah, just to know, just to know her,   You know, is to love, love, love, love her.   You know that I do,   You know that I do,   Yeah, I do	0.9969	0.015	0.6	0.385
L	Since My Baby Left Me	Okay! Okay! This is it, children!   Hey, hey, hey, hey - hey!   That's nice!   The story 'bout all of us   Not one missing   She leaves you   Ain't got no sweet, no, no, no   Yeah!   Since my baby left me Since my baby left me   Never said a word Never said a word   Was it something I done Was it something I done   Something that she heard? Something that she heard?   You know, she left me Yes, she left me   Yes, she left me Yes, she left me   My baby even left me, never said a word   Tra la la Tra la la   Tra la la Tra la la   Now I stand at my window Now I stand at my window   Wring my hand and cry Wring my hand and cry   I hate to lose that woman I hate to lose that woman   Hate to say goodbye Hate to say goodbye   You know, she left me Yes, she left me   Yes, she left me Yes, she left me   My baby even left me, never said goodbye   Never said goodbye!   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   One of these mornings One of these mornings   Lord, it won't be long Lord, it won't belong   You look for me and, baby You look for me, baby   And daddy will be gone Daddy will be gone   You know, she left me Yes, she left me   Yes, she left me Yes, she left me   My baby even left me, never said a word   Not a word!   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   Da da da Da da da   Oh, so sad   So sad   So, so sad   So, so, so sad	-0.8815	0.126	0.76	0.114
L	Here We Go Again	Here we go again   Here we go again and again   Wond'rin' how it all began   Wond'rin' will it ever end   Round and round we go   Where it's going, nobody knows   Though I know we've been this place before   Someone keeps on moving the door   Here we go agai-ai-ai-ain   Here we go agai-ain   Here we go agai-ai-ai-ain   Here we go agai-ain   So I say hello again   And nobody gives a damn   And nobody wants to hold your hand   Ev'ryone is an also-ran   Round and round we go   Where it's going, nobody knows   Though I know we've seen this place before   Someone keeps on moving the door   Here we go agai-ai-ai-ain   Here we go agai-ain   Here we go agai-ai-ai-ain   Here we go agai-ain   Round and round we go-oh-oh-oh   Round and round we go-oh   Here we go agai-ai-ai-ain   Here we go agai-ain	0.128	0.019	0.959	0.022
L	Fortunately	Yes, fortunately we both agree  Unfortunately, not always  In the end. I wonder what's gonna happen   Fortunately we don't know	0.4215	0.098	0.691	0.211
L	God Save Oz	One, two, three, four   Oh, God save us one and all   Oh, God save us from defeat   Oh, God save us from the war   Oh, God save us on the street   Yeah, let's fight for people's rights   Let us fight for freedom   Let us fight for Mickey Mouse   Let us fight for freedom   Oh, God save us one and all   Oh, God save us from defeat   Oh, God save us from the war   Oh, God save us on the street   Let us fight for children's right   Let us fight for freedom   Let us fight for Rupert Bear   Let us fight for freedom   Oh, God save us one and all   Oh, God save us from defeat   Oh, God save us from the war   Oh, God save us from the street   Oh, God save us from defeat   Oh, God save us from the sea   Oh, God save us from the Queen   Hey, that sounded alright!	0.994	0.18	0.412	0.408
L	Long Lost John	 Well, he's long, long, lost John   Long, long, lost John   Lost john standing by the railroad track   A-waitin' for the freight train to come back   The freight train come back but never made a stop   Lost john thought he'd have to ride the top   Well, he's long, long, lost John   Yeah, long, long, lost John   Well, lost john standing by the railroad track   A-waitin' for the freight train to come back   The freight train come back but never made a stop   Lost john thought he'd have to ride the top   Well, he's long, long, long lost John   Well, he's long, long, lost John   Well, lost john standing by the railroad track   A-waitin' for the freight train to come back   The freight train come back but never made a stop   Lost john thought he'd have to ride the   Well, long, long, long John   Well, oh yeah   I got it about at half past three   You don't look out, she's gonna spew on me   I'm gonna run, railroad bill   I'm gonna run   Hello, Richard? Mo, Mo, I'm different, that's one of the problems with it	0.0119	0.154	0.682	0.163
L	Happy Xmas War Is Over	Happy Christmas, Kyoko   Happy Christmas, Julian   And so this is Christmas   And what have you done?   Another year over   And a new one just begun   And so this is Christmas   I hope you have fun   The near and the dear ones   The old and the young   A very merry Christmas   And a happy New Year   Let's hope it's a good one   Without any fear   And so this is Christmas War is over   For weak and for strong If you want it   For rich and the poor ones War is over   The road is so long Now   And so Happy Christmas War is over   For black and for white If you want it   For yellow and red ones War is over   Let's stop all the fight Now   A very merry Christmas   And a happy New Year   Let's hope it's a good one   Without any fear   And so this is Christmas War is over   And what have we done? If you want it   Another year over War is over   And a new one just begun Now   And so Happy Christmas War is over   We hope you have fun If you want it   The near and the dear one War is over   The old and the young Now   A very merry Christmas   And a happy New Year   Let's hope it's a good one   Without any fear   War is over if you want it   War is over now   Happy Christmas! Happy Christmas!	0.995	0.135	0.553	0.312
L	I'm The Greatest	" When I was a little boy   Way back home in Liverpool   My mama told me, I was great   Then when I was a teenager   I knew that I had got something going   My baby told me I was great   Now I'm a man   A woman took me by the hand   And she told me I was great   I was in the greatest show on earth   For what it was worth   And now I'm thirty-two   And all I wanna do, is boogaloo!   Hey!   Yeah, I look at myself in the mirror   I see my wife and kids   And they tell me you're great   Now let me introduce to you   The one and only Billy Shears   Ah, she's thirty-two   And all she wants to do, is boogaloo!   Hey!   Hey, hey, hey, hear them say   My mama told me I was great   Ho! Ho! Ho!   -""Let's go again, go straight from thee top   Okay, oh, that's okay... bang... two, three, four!"""	0.9903	0.0	0.781	0.219
L	Goodnight Vienna	..Last night, ah-hah-hah   She was so beautiful, she made me uptight, ah-hah-hah   -Oh gee! I'm worn out! Can we try another, can you hear what he's saying?   I took my baby to a party last night, ah-hah-hah   She was so beautiful, she made me uptight, ah-hah-hah   Up come a butcher with her ju jus alight, ah-hah-hah   It's all da-da-da-down to goodnight Vienna   Felt like a bohunk but I kept up my cool, ah-hah-hah   Green as a frog, man, I was back into school, ah-hah-hah   Zipped up my mouth 'cause I was starting to drool, ah-hah-hah   It's all da-da-da-down to goodnight Vienna   Git it up!   Git it up!   Git it up!   Git it up!   It's all da-da-da-down to goodnight Vienna   She said she loved me but I knew she was lying, ah-hah-hah   Felt like an Arab who was dancing through Zion, ah-hah-hah   Don't call no doctor when you just feel like crying, ah-hah-hah   It's all da-da-da-down to goodnight Vienna   Uhuh-   Git it up!   Git it up!   Git it up!   Git it up!   I took my baby to a party last night, ah-hah-hah   She was so beautiful, it made me uptight, ah-hah-hah   Up came a doct-- oh...   Various cheering and applause	0.9852	0.071	0.738	0.191
L	A Kiss Is Just A Kiss	You must remember this   A kiss is just a kiss   A fly is just a fly   Right, and we're together   A rose is a rose	0.6808	0.0	0.804	0.196
L	Real Love	All my little plans and schemes   Gone like some forgotten dream   Seems like all I really was doing   Was waiting for you   Just like little girls and boys   Playing with their little toys   Seems like all we really were doing   Was waiting for love   No need to be alone   No need to be alone   It's real love   Yes, it's real   Yes, it's real love   It's real   From this moment on I know   Exactly where my life will go   Seems like all I really was doing   Was waiting for love   Thought I'd been in love before   But in my heart I wanted more   Seems like all I really was doing   Was waiting for you   No need to be afraid   No need to be afraid   It's real love   Yes, it's real   Yes, it's real love   It's real	0.9885	0.077	0.631	0.293
L	Yesterday Parody	"One, two, three, four!   Suddenly,   I'm not half the man I used to be...   'Cause now I'm an amputee.   ""Okay!"""	0.3578	0.0	0.884	0.116
L	Move Over Ms. L.	"One, two, a one, two, three, four   Well, now the underground and overjoyed, they come on just the same   Don't wanna get too real, man, they just wanna play the game   I guess ya knew it all along, we were just singing in the rain   Can't get hipped to the down trip, the ship is sailing yet   And if it sinks, you know that all we really get is wet   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   Well, now to err is something human and forgiving so divine   I'll forgive your trespasses if you forgive me mine   Life's a deal, you knew it, when you signed the dotted line   They nail you to the paper, put a rope around your neck   And so we sing along, the boy stood on the burning deck   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   Well now, momma poppa told me, ""Son, you better watch your head""   Your head is fulla snakes, boy, you're better red than dead   They're starving back in China, boy, that's what they always said   Can't get head in the head shop, yer jeans are fulla crap   You're full of beans, you're in your teens, you lost your momma's road map   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   You know I wish you well   Move over Ms. L.   Hey hey"	0.9906	0.039	0.766	0.194
L	Ain't She Sweet	"Ain't she sweet?   Oh no, ain't she no, hang on, injection   Oh me oh mum ain't that perfection?   I repeat now!   Ain't she nice?   Well, look her over once or twice   Well, I ask you very confidentially   Ain't she nice   Scat sing   ""Ha ha ha""   ""Shall we record that, John?"""	-0.8275	0.218	0.708	0.074
L	Phil And John 1	"P - ""Here we go!""   J - ""What? What?   P - ""We're doing one""   J - ""How's it going?""   P - ""Same way""   J - ""How's it going?""   P - ""Wait a minute, something's going, wait a minute!""   Tape edit   J - ""Yeah! Yeah! ...I can't read this writing!""   P - ""What is that tweetin' bird out there? For God's sake! There's a bird! God damn it out there!   J -""Hey, hey, hey... yeah... remember the solo, that's the bit where I don't talk...[hits out-of-tune chord] oh, oh, too bad... thank you...""   P -""Stand up so we know you're there, all right""   J -""Oh, and Barry, give me a clue, will you?   P - ""Well, I told Barry..."",   J - ""Shut up! You fuckin'...""   ? - ""Sorry it didn't work out.""   J - ""Give me a clue... no, no, no E, E, E, that's a clue""   P - ""You haven't been in tune all evening, why change?""   Tape edit   J - ""But after all...""   P - ""All right, one of the greatest sessions of all time. History in the making here... John Lennon is here with his brother Jack, and here we go. One, two, three!""   J - ""One, two, three, four!""   P - ""No! You yelled four, wait a minute!""   J - ""Phil, Phil...""   P - ""You can't yell four over his playing""   J - ""Please accept my 'four'; it's the only way I can come in and I...   P - ""Yes, through four..."",   J - ""One...""   P - ""Come on, you don't have to count in, he can do the intro, da-da-da-da-da-da""   J - ""No wonder Ronnie...""   P - ""Ha, ha, ha, yeah, ok, I'll... I won't bring up names, don't you worry...""   J - ""No names""   P - ""All right...""   J - ""Doesn't matter if it's too loud!""   P - ""You shout, the boys with the horn and the birds in the background!""   J - [In background] ""SHUT UP!""   P - ""Fucking horns and birds and seagulls and all that shit! ... fucking A&M! you know, that sounds like a tape delay... yeah, I hear it twice as loud""   J -""Phil, Phil, it's our big chance at A&M, now let's not fuck it!...One...""   P - ""Well, Herbie did..."",   J - ""One, two, three"""	0.9868	0.038	0.841	0.121
L	Phil And John 2	"J -""0ne, two, three hmm - I've got a message for you...""   P - ""Hold it! Hold it! Our fault, our fault! Not your fault. Listen, if the voice is too loud just say the voice... I'm yellin' too loud in   In the can, everybody suddenly grabs their headphones when I talk""   J - ""No, no, no.""   P - ""Ok, everything is fine, I know, ok...""   J - ""You wanna...?""   P - ""Hold it one sec""   J - ""Phil, we're all... as well... oh get out! You could have, you know, broken it on the third line or something... I better get all that""   Bit... oh, you don't mind if I change the lyrics then? Good, ok, hey, we got the man here!   P -""What man?""   J -""Any fuckin' man, let's go... I'm gonna get an all girl band, ha ha ha""   P - ""Well, you need one, let's go!"",   J - ""You won't let me do ""Be Bop A Lula"" instead?""""   P - ""I won't let you do anthing, let's go!""   J - ""Be Bop A...""   P - ""Till you get this one, then you can do ""Be Bop A Lula""   J - ""And ""Send Me Some Lovin'""""   P - ""You can do anything you wanna do, Johnnie""   J - ""After this?""   P - ""After this.""   J -""Take the bandages off?""   P -""You can even do ""Take The Bandages Off""""   J -""Ok...""   P - ""You can even do ""Johnny B Goode""""   J - ""No, no""   P - ""I wish you would, let's go""""   J - ""Any time you like I...""   P - ""I know you would come on""   J - ""I know the solo too""   P - ""Good""   J - ""But I wouldn't wanna take it away from Jessie...""   P - ""I know""   J -""Yoo""   P -""Is Jessie there? Yes, he's there... come on!""   J -""Ok! let's...""   P - ""All right!"",   ? -""One, two""   J -""Yes it did, yeah!""   J -""It always works out the same old way""   P - ""Hold it! Somebody's waving a hand. Somebody says stop so we stop"""	0.9614	0.032	0.873	0.095
L	Phil And John 3	"P - ""Just a minute now... can anybody remembr one thing I tell them? You're gona be stuck with your baby. Ok, here we go!""   J - ""What we're gonna do, play jazz with Jetho Tull?.""   P - ""No, Elton John probably at the Roxy""   J - ""Elton's a good friend of mine?""   P - ""Well, good, he's got the same name as you. Only you spell it in the front, he spell it on the back... here we go!...""   And you both go the same place... here we go!   J - ""No, no, no, I refuse... Elton's gonna die young...""   P - ""Remember the bass drum also... and the one after that, you know, the ending... ok, here we go!"",   J -""I'm gonna be a 90 year old guru""   P - ""All right, good!"",   J - ""Ha ha ha""""   P - ""Ok, I'll make history, you make gurus, here we go!""   J - ""Phil... I'm gonna write your history so be careful""   ? - ""One, two, three"""	0.9288	0.043	0.836	0.121
L	Be My Baby	The night we met I knew I needed you so   And if I had the chance I'd never let you go   So won't you say you love me   I'll make you so proud of me   We'll make them turn their heads every place we go   So won't you please   Be my be my baby   Be my little baby   My one and only baby   Say you'll be my darling   Be my be my baby   Be my baby now oh oh oh oh   I'll make you happy baby just wait and see   And for every kiss you give me I'm gonna give you three   Since the day I saw you   You know I was waiting for you   You know I will adore till eternity   So won't you please   Be my be my baby   Be my little baby   My one and only baby   Say you'll be my darling   Be my be my baby   Be my baby now oh oh oh oh   Instrumental   Since the day I saw you   You know I was waiting for you   You know I will adore till eternity   So won't you please   Be my be my baby   Be my little baby   My one and only baby   Say you'll be my darling   Be my be my baby   Be my baby now oh oh oh oh	0.9843	0.027	0.828	0.145
L	Stranger's Room	"- ""At this time... I just like to sing.""   Here in this lonely room   Late in the afternoon   Dreaming my life away-hey   Don't answer the telephone   I'm not home receiving you   Here in the afternoon   Alone in some stranger's room   What am I doing here at all?   No need to over do it   I'm bleeding now   I'm bleeding now   Stop the bleeding now   Stop the bleeding now   Oozing out   Dripping down   Table's silent shout   Aghhh!   Scat sing and whistle   Stop the bleeding now"	-0.8579	0.151	0.822	0.027
L	I'm Losing You	Here in some stranger's room   Late in the afternoon   What am I doing here at all?   Ain't no doubt about it   I'm losing you   I'm losing you   Somehow the wires got crossed   Communication's lost   Can't even get you on the telephone   Just got to shout about it   I'm losing you   I'm losing you   Well, here in the valley of indecision   I don't know what to do   I feel you slipping away   I feel you slipping away   I'm losing you   I'm losing you   Well now, you say you're not getting enough   But I remind you of all that bad, bad, bad stuff   So what the hell am I supposed to do?   Just put a bandaid on it?   And stop the bleeding now   Stop the bleeding now   I'm losing you   I'm losing you   Well, well, well   I know I hurt you then   But hell, that was way back when   Well, do you still have to carry that cross? drop it   Don't want to hear about it   I'm losing you   I'm losing you   Don't want to lose you now   Welllllllll!   So long ago	-0.9952	0.306	0.624	0.07
L	Sean's 'Little Help'	"Do you need anybody?   I need somebody to love   Do you need anybody?   I need somebody to love   - ""Good""   - ""That's my favourite song""   - ""Very good""   - ""Who was singing ""I need somebody to love"", you?   - ""It was Ringo but Paul and I was singing with him""   - ""What's this song called?""   - ""What's it called? I've forgotten what it's called""   What would you think if I sang out a song   - ""It's ""sang out of tune""   - ""Oh, ""A Little Help From My Friends"", that's what it's called!"""	0.9517	0.022	0.787	0.191
L	Serve Yourself	You say you found Jesus    Christ.      He's the only one   You say you found Buddha   Sittin' in the sun   You say you found Mohammed   Facin' to the East   You say you found Krishna   Dancin' in the streets   Well, there's somethin' missing in this God Almighty stew   And it's your mother    Your mother, don't forget your mother, lad.      You got to serve yourself   Nobody gonna do it for you   You got to serve yourself   Nobody gonna do it for you   Well, you may believe in devils   And you may believe in lords      But if you don't go out and serve yourself, lad. Ain't no room service here. Think of your poor old mom in the kitchen for Christssake.      It's still the same old story   A bloody Holy War   A fight for love and glory   Ain't gonna study war no more   A fight for God and country   We're gonna set you free   We'll put you back in the Stone Age   If you won't be like me    Get it?      You got to serve yourself   Ain't nobody gonna do for you   You got to serve yourself   Ain't nobody gonna do for you   Well, you may believe in devils   And you may believe in lords      But Christ, you're gonna have to serve yourself, and that's all there is to it. So get right back here, and it's in the bloody fridge. God, when I was a kid! Didn't have stuff like this, TV fuckin' dinners and all that crap. You fuckin' kids all the fuckin' same! Want a fuckin' car now! Lucky to have a pair of shoes!      You tell me you found Jesus Christ   Well, that's great, and he's the only one   You say you just found Buddha   And he's sittin' on his ass in the sun   You say you found Mohammed   Kneelin' on a bloody carpet facin' East   You say you found Krishna   With a bald head dancin' in the street      Well, Christ, now you're going out, you're being heard.      You got to serve yourself   Ain't nobody gonna do for you      That's right, lad, you better get that straight through your fuckin' head.      You got to serve yourself      You know that better, who the hell else is gonna do it for you? It ain't me, kid, I tell you that.      Well, you may believe in Jesus   And you may believe in Marx   And you may believe in Marks and Spencer   And you may believe in bloody Woolworths   But there's something missing in this whole bloody stew   And it's your mother   Your poor bloody mother      She what born you in the back bedroom, full of piss and shit and fuckin' midwives. God, you can't forget that all too quick, you know. You should have been in the bloody war, lad, and you would have known all about it. Well, I'll tell you something.      It's still the same old story   A Holy bloody War    You know, the Pope and all that stuff.      A fight for love and glory   Ain't gonna study no war more war   A fight for God and country    The Queen and all that.      We're gonna set you free    Yeah, well, sure.      We'll bomb you back into the fuckin' Stone Age   If you won't do like me    You know, get on your knees and pray.         Well, there's somethin' missing in this God Almighty stew, and it's your goddamn mother you dirty little git. Now get in there and wash yer ears!   	-0.9893	0.184	0.667	0.149
L	My Life	 My life, take it, it's mine to give   Take it, let me live in you   My life, take it, it's yours   Do what you will, I dedicate it to you   What's the use in waking   If you're not there to share the dreams and nightmares?   My life, take it, for better or worse   Why waste time?   We both know together is the only way   We'll make it any way   Take it, my life   My life is you   What's the use in waking   If you're not there to share the dreams and nightmares?   I've only myself to   I've only myself to Give to you   My life, take it, for better or worse   Why waste time?   When we both know together is the only way   We're gonna make it any way   Take it, my life   My life is you	-0.6526	0.107	0.821	0.072
L	Nobody Told Me	Three, four!   Everybody's talking and no one says a word   Everybody's making love and no one really cares   There's Nazis in the bathroom just below the stairs   Always something happening and nothing going on   There's always something cooking and nothing in the pot   They're starving back in China so finish what you got   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Strange days indeed -- strange days indeed   Everybody's runnin' and no one makes a move   Everyone's a winner and nothing left to lose   There's a little yellow idol to the north of Katmandu   Everybody's flying and no one leaves the ground   Everybody's crying and no one makes a sound   There's a place for us in the movies you just gotta lay around   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Strange days indeed -- most peculiar, mama   Everybody's smoking and no one's getting high   Everybody's flying and never touch the sky   There's a UFO over New York and I ain't too surprised   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Nobody told me there'd be days like these   Strange days indeed -- most peculiar, mama, roll!	0.9377	0.105	0.744	0.151
L	Life Begins At 40	 They say life begins at forty   Age is just a state of mind   If all that's true   You know, that I've been dead for thirty-nine   And if life begins at forty   Well, I hope it ain't the same   It's been tough enough without that stuff   I don't wanna to be born again   Well, I tried to sweep the slate clean   With a new broom ev'ry day   If that don't work   I'll jerk around until my next birthday   Yeah, life begins at forty   Age is just a state of mind   Well, if all that's true   You know that I've been dead for thirty-nine	0.8242	0.083	0.739	0.178
L	I Don't Wanna Face It	Say you're looking for a place to go   Where nobody knows your name   You're looking for oblivion   With one   Eye on the Hall of Fame   I don't wanna face it oh no   I don't wanna face it no no no no   Well I can dish it out   But I just can't take it   Say you're looking for some peace and love   Leader of a big old band   You wanna save humanity   But it's people that you just can't stand   I don't wanna face it oh no   I don't wanna face it no no no no   Well I can sing for my supper   But I just can't make it   Well now you're lookin' for a world of truth   Trying to find a better way   The time has come to see yourself   You always look the other way   I don't wanna face it oh no   I don't wanna face it no no no no   Well I can see the promised land   And I know I can make it!   I don't wanna face it I know   I don't wanna face it oh no   I don't wanna face it oh no   I don't wanna face it   I don't wanna face it   I just can't face it no more. Every time I look in the mirror, I don't see anybody there! Whoo!	0.9809	0.08	0.734	0.186
L	Woman	Woman I can hardly express   My mixed emotions at my thoughtlessness   After all I'm forever in your debt   And woman I will try to express   My inner feelings and thankfulness   For showing me the meaning of success   Ooh, well, well   Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo   Ooh, well, well   Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo   Woman I know you understand   The little child inside the man   Please remember my life is in your hands   And woman hold me close to your heart   However distant don't keep us apart   After all it is written in the stars   Ooh, well, well   Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo   Ooh, well, well   Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo   Wellll   Woman please let me explain   I never meant to cause you sorrow or pain   So let me tell you again and again and again   I love you, yeah, yeah   Now and forever   I love you, yeah, yeah   Now and forever   I love you, yeah, yeah   Now and forever   I love you, yeah, yeah	0.9929	0.044	0.656	0.3
L	Dear Yoko	Even after all these years   I miss you when you're not here   I wish you were here my dear Yoko   Even if it's just a day   I miss you when you're away   I wish you were here today dear Yoko   Even if it's just one night   I miss you and it don't feel right   I wish you were here tonight dear Yoko   Even if it's just one hour   I wilt just like a fading flower   Ain't nothing in the world like our love dear Yoko   Oh Yoko   I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever gonna let you go   Oh Yoko   I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever gonna let you go   Even when I'm miles at sea   And nowhere is the place to be   Your spirit's watching over me dear Yoko   Even when I watch T.V.   There's a hole where you're supposed to be   There's nobody lying next to me dear Yoko   Oh Yoko   I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever gonna let you go   Oh Yoko   I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever gonna let you go   Even after all this time   I miss you like the sun don't shine   Without I'm a one track mind dear Yoko   After all is really said and done   The two of us are really one   The goddess really smiled upon our love dear Yoko	0.9871	0.047	0.772	0.181
L	Watching The Wheels	People say I'm crazy doing what I'm doing   Well they give me all kinds of warnings to save me from ruin   When I say that I'm O.K. well they look at me kind of strange   Surely you're not happy now you no longer play the game   People say I'm lazy dreaming my life away   Well they give me all kinds of advice designed to enlighten me   When I tell them that I'm doing fine watching shadows on the wall   Don't you miss the big time boy you're no longer on the ball   I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round   I really love to watch them roll   No longer riding on the merry-go-round   I just had to let it go   Ah, people asking questions lost in confusion   Well I tell them there's no problem, only solutions   Well they shake their heads and they look at me as if I've lost my mind   I tell them there's no hurry   I'm just sitting here doing time   I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round   I really love to watch them roll   No longer riding on the merry-go-round   I just had to let it go   I just had to let it go   I just had to let it go	0.1434	0.147	0.712	0.141
L	I'm Stepping Out	  This here's a story about a house husband who, you know, just has to get out of the house. He's been lookin' at, you know, the kids for days and days. He's been washin' the dishes and screwin' around and watching... until he goes crazy!   Woke up this morning, blues around my head   No need to ask the reason why   Went to the kitchen and lit a cigarette   Blew my worries to the sky   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   If it don't feel right you don't have to do it   Just leave a message on the phone and tell them to screw it   After all is said and done you can't go pleasin' everyone   So screw it...   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out baby   I'm stepping out   Baby's sleeping the cats have all been blessed   Ain't nothing doing on TV summer repeats   Put on my space suit I got to look my best   I'm going out to do the city   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out babe   I'm stepping out boogie   I'm stepping out hold it down   I'm stepping out   I'm stepping out   Gotta gotta gotta gotta get out   I'm stepping out babe   Just awhile   Ain't been out for days   Gotta do it tonight   Gimme a break, gimme a break, gotta get out!   Gotta get out   Just for a while   Just for the night   I'll be in before one... or two... or three... goodbye!	0.2755	0.049	0.92	0.031
L	Borrowed Time	When I was younger   Living confusion and deep despair   When I was younger   Living illusion of freedom and power   When I was younger   Full of ideals and broken dreams my friend   When I was younger   Everything simple but not so clear   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow   Now I am older   The more that I see the less that I know for sure   Now I am older   The future is brighter and now is the hour   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow   Good to be older   Would not exchange a single day or a year   Good to be older   Less complications everything clear   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow   Living on borrowed time   Without a thought for tomorrow	0.9257	0.054	0.803	0.142
L	The Rishi Kesh Song	 All you need to do   Is to say this little word   I know it sounds absurd   But it's true   The magic's in the mantra   We'll give you all the answers   So swallow this   That's all you've got to do   Ev'rything you need is here   And ev'rything that's not here   Is not there   And yet there's something missing   In this god almighty plan   Could it be you need a woman?   Ah now, all you need to do   Is to say this little word   I know it sounds absurd   But it's true   The magic's in the mantra   We'll give you all the answers   So swallow this   That's all you've got to do   But still   You're so suicidal   Something is wrong   This can't be it   Something is wrong   Uuh -   Something is wrong   Something is wrong   Something is wrong	-0.9767	0.189	0.751	0.06
L	Beautiful Boy Darling Boy	Close your eyes   Have no fear   The monster's gone   He's on the run and your daddy's here   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Before you go to sleep   Say a little prayer   Every day in every way   It's getting better and better   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Out on the ocean sailing away   I can hardly wait   To see you come of age   But I guess we'll both just have to be patient   'Cause it's a long way to go   A hard row to hoe   Yes it's a long way to go   But in the meantime   Before you cross the street   Take my hand   Life is what happens to you   While you're busy making other plans   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Before you go to sleep   Say a little prayer   Every day in every way   It's getting better and better   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Darling, darling, darling   Darling Sean	0.9993	0.006	0.457	0.537
L	Mr. Hyde's Gone Don't Be Afraid	Don't be afraid   It's just the wind and light   Don't be afraid   This house is very strange   In the morning we'll be gone, don't be afraid   We'll watch the dawn till the sun comes up   Drinking coffee from our favourite cup   Girl, you've been good to me so don't be afraid tonight   Don't be afraid   It's just the cats at play   Don't be afraid   They do it night and day, how very strange   They've gone by the morning so don't be afraid of me   We'll dream around till the dawn comes up   Drinking coffee from our favourite cup   Girl, you've been good to me, don't be afraid tonight   Don't be afraid   Don't be afraid   Scat sing don't be afraid   Mr. Hyde, he's really gone away   Won't be back till next full moon   So we can bill and spoon   In June and croon, be-woon, be-woon, be   Can you stand it?	0.7196	0.027	0.909	0.065
L	Only You	Only you can make this world seem right   Only you can make the darkness bright   Only you and you alone can thrill me like you do   And fill my heart with love for only you   Only you can make this change in me   For it's true, you are my destiny   When you hold my hand, I understand the magic that you do   You're my dream come true   My one and only you, only you   Only you and you alone can thrill me like you do   And fill my heart with love for only you   Only you can make this change in me   For it's true, you are my destiny   When you hold my hand, I understand the magic that you do do   You're my dream come true   My one, my one, my one and only you   Only you, only you, only you   Only you, only you, only you   Only you, only you, only you	0.9881	0.032	0.736	0.232
L	Grow Old With Me	Grow old along with me   The best is yet to be   When our time has come   We will be as one   God bless our love   God bless our love   Grow old along with me   Two branches of one tree   Face the setting sun   When the day is done   God bless our love   God bless our love   Spending our lives together   Man and wife together   World without end   World without end   Grow old along with me   Whatever fate decrees   We will see it through   For our love is true   God bless our love   God bless our love   God bless our love   God bless our love	0.9977	0.0	0.478	0.522
L	Dear John	Dear John   Don't be hard on yourself   Give yourself a break   Life wasn't meant to be run   The race is over, you've won   Dear John   Don't be hard on yourself   Give yourself a break   Life wasn't meant to be run   The race is over, you've won   Ha da doo-doo-doo-doo   Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo   Laugh   Dear John   Don't be hard on yourself   Give yourself a break   Life wasn't meant to be run   The race is over   Whistle   And dear John   Put the TV on, have a snack   Wash your mother's back   The race is over	0.9741	0.0	0.743	0.257
L	The Great Wok	Hello, hello, testing, testing   At this time of year... oh, let me first introduce myself   Maybe you have heard me before, I am the great wok   And as you know, the great wok must be done   Now, at this time of year when brahama is in Brahma   The day of Brahma is set to last one thousand years and its night is of equal length   Well, for us human being, this is the end of the year now   And our minds turns towards what is laughably called the future   No mind can comprehend the infinite and absolute anon munsch mars stunvelly humpff   As we say in the Himalayas   Now let me tell you, my resolution of the year 1979 is to renounce complete everything   But complete luxury and self indulgence   Now I suggest this is going to be very, very difficult, very difficult indeed   I feel it's my duty, not only as a human being but as a person   Or was it not George Formy who said there are four billion three hundred and twenty million   Mortal or earth years which is one day of Brahma   So, one way of looking at it is simply not to look at it at all   And that's exactly what we're going to do now   So we'll settle down, deeply, I hope, and comfortably in an easy chair   And then, lay back, put the incense on, light the candles and give yourself a hard time	0.826	0.044	0.88	0.077
L	Mucho Mungo	Mucho mungo, sweet thing   Sweetest little thing I've ever seen   Must have been a sweet dream   Brought you here   Brought you through the sorrow   And the tears   C'est la, c'est la, c'est la vie   Sail upon the ocean, sail with me   Sail into tomorrow ev'ry day   Sail it to the sunshine through the haze	0.7096	0.082	0.744	0.174
L	Satire 1	"Lord, take this makeup of off of me   I said, ""Lordy, lordy, lordy, take this makeup offa me""   It's bad enough on the beach   But it's worse in the sea   Because I'm knockin' on heaven's door   Because I'm lookin' for my ma   I said, ""Ma, take these guns away from me""   I said, ""Ma, take these guns away from me""   I got so thin now, they're draggin' me down to my knees   Oh yeah, man, do you Mr. Jones?   Town   Now I've been here so long, I almost forgot my name   I said, ""Lord I been here so long I almost forgot my name""   But as long as I keep touring   I'll always be in the game, fame, brain, shame and fame and game, fame, fame"	0.8248	0.072	0.804	0.124
L	Satire 2	Well, thank you, Mr. Jitters   Thank you, Mr. Jitters   The official soviet newspaper said, the temple members have protested the mindless arms waste from the filthy war in Vietnam. And were persecuted and finally forced to seek refuge in another country. Wow. Sounds like a ballad to me, oh man   Bankok, Thailand, they've launched an air-sea search for a fishing boat carrying some foreign Vietnamese refugees, the boat was towed back out to sea for a ride in Thailand. Sources said that it was because of a breakdown in communication. Oh lord, the boat was towed into Thai waters by a German freighter and the Thai navy are unaware that the refugees have been guaranteed a resettlement and worst the only took the boat out to sea after providing all passengers with provision   Hey, that's deep man   The Chinese newspapers have made the first reference to the country's curtain wall posted campaign according to vice premiar deng xiaoping. And said that the country's stable and its leaders are confident and planning modernisation and programs., oh this should get me in the village bar   Deng gave blessing to the campaig but he commented not all the opinionsof the masses are carefully thought out nor can we demand that they all be correct. Adding this is nothing terrible. It' bad enough, but it's not terrible   From a prison, Richard Nixon, on his second trip outside the United States, sent his resignation with a smiling hand shake politician again. Greedy crowds outside his hotel, and trying a little French   They sure as hell didn't try it on Pam Nixon, Mr. Nixon is in Paris and inside this suite to be interviewed on French television. They thought of going on to deliver a speech in England, he'll participate in the French colleague program and said he will answer questions in welsh   That's pretty big Mr. M. Ah, I'm so cynical, I could just keep on doing this forever because, you know, they ain't gonna be lookin' for my golden bunions in a hundred years from now. They're gonna be sellin' my socks like judy garland. And I hope that they get a good price. I mean, with the inflation and the price of rice. Man, I shouldn't worry, I own all my songs and I wrote them myself too   I got 24 children, 14 wives, 3 mistresses, 59 accountants, 105 lawyers, 2000.000 fans, a posted system that never fails to land me in jail. And look through my mail. Perhaps have a garage sale. And you know, go save the whale, and a... you know, get a boat and go for a sail, and, and, oh, oh, oh, oh, how do you get out of this hell? Stuck inside of a lexicon with the roger thesaurus blues again   Sometimes I wish I was just George Harrison, you know all the answers, oh my god, oh my god	0.9757	0.084	0.779	0.136
L	Satire 3	Just a minute! I'm just getting my jyamas   I'd just want to leave you with this message   They say that the best things in life are free, except on TV, heh, heh, heh, heh	0.6696	0.178	0.609	0.213
L	"Sean's ""In The Sky"""	"""Daddy, when did we have no house?""   ""When?""   ""When, when did we have no house, and we rented this house?""   ""In 1973, we didn't have this house, yet. That's when we bought this house.""   ""Oh!""   ""Two years before you were born.""   ""Oh, and I just wasn't coming with you to find this house?""   ""No, well, you weren't born yet. You were still in the sky.""   ""Oh, and when I came back down here, what did I went in?""   ""A little, a little cardboard box with a little blanket in it. Little teeny tiny, teeny tiny little Sean in a little tiny cardboard box that used to have apples in it. Hmm. You used to do this here.""   ""I never heard of a apple box!""   ""Well, a little cardboard box like that, you see, like they bring groceries in, only it   Was you instead of the groceries."""	0.7253	0.028	0.904	0.068
L	Baby's Heartbeat	Correction. It was not the heartbeat of Sean Lennon, it was a previous baby that Yoko miscarried. Sean was born in 1975 this baby was 1970.	0.0	0.0	1.0	0.0
L	No Bed For Beatle John	No bed for Beatle John!   Beatle John Lennon lost his hospital bed yesterday to a patient.   It happened at Queen Charlotte's Hospital, London,   Where John was keeping vigil in the room   Where his girlfriend, Yoko Ono,   Is being kept under observation.   When he realized his bed was needed for an urgent case   John sent out for a sleeping bag.   And last night   He was once more happily kicked out alongside Yoko   In the sleeping bag.   Yoko who expects her baby next February   Will remain in the hospital for another few days.   A Beatles spokesman said   There is a good chance for the baby's survival.   The Beatles win battle of the nude LP!   The Beatles have won their fight to put out an LP record   With a sleeve showing John Lennon and Yoko Ono in the nude!   EMI, the world's biggest recording company,   Whose artists includes the Beatles,   Refused to handle the LP called 'Two Virgins'   Because of the sleeve.   So did the group's American outlet, Capitol Records.   But the record with its controversial sleeve   Will be released in both countries next month.   An official of The Beatles Apple company said last night   The sleeve has not been censored or altered in any way.   We are pleased it is being distributed   But it may be that some record shops   Will still refuse to handle it.	0.7775	0.053	0.871	0.077
L	Just Like Starting Over	Our life together is so precious together   We have grown, we have grown   Although our love is still special   Let's take a chance and fly away somewhere alone   It's been too long since we took the time   No one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly   But when I see you darling   It's like we both are falling in love again   It'll be just like starting over, starting over   Everyday we used to make it love   Why can't we be making love nice and easy?   It's time to spread our wings and fly   Don't let another day go by my love   It'll be just like starting over, starting over   Why don't we take off alone   Take a trip somewhere far, far away   We'll be together all alone again   Like we used to in the early days   Well, well, well darling   It's been too long since we took the time   No one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly   But when I see you darling   It's like we both are falling in love again   It'll be just like starting over, starting over   Our life together is so precious together   We have grown, we have grown   Although our love is still special   Let's take a chance and fly away somewhere   Starting over	0.9985	0.063	0.583	0.354
L	Amsterdam	"Okay, Yoko   Peace -   Peace -   Let's hope for peace,   Let's hope for peace,   Peace -   Let's hope for peace,   Peace -   Let's hope for peace.   Peace, peace, peace, peace...   Peace -   Let's hope for peace, peace, peace, peace, peace!   Peace -   Let's hope for peace,   Peace -   Let's hope for peace.   Oh, John, let's hope for peace   For our children,   For our country,   For our world,   For our future,   Oh, John, let's hope for peace,   Let's hope for peace.   Peace -   Peace, peace,   Let's hope for peace.   Oh, John -   Peace.   Good morning meine damen und herren, this is the peace call.   John: what we're really doing is sending out a message to the world, mainly to the youth, especially the youth or anybody really that's interested in protesting for peace, or protesting against any form of violence and we say everybody's getting a bit heavy or bit intellectual about it. Everybody's talking about peace, but nobody's doing anything about it, except for a few people, and the things are, the grosvenor square marches in london. The end product of it was just newspaper stories about riots and fighting's. And we did the bed event in amsterdam and the bag piece in vienna just to give people an idea, that there's many ways of protest and this is one of them. And anybody could grow their hair for peace or give up a week of their holiday for peace or sit in a bag for peace, protest against peace anyway, but peacefully 'cause we think that peace is only got by peaceful methods and that to fight the establishment with their own weapons is no good, because they always win and they'd been winning for thousands of years. They know how to play the game violence and it's easier for them when they can recognise you and shoot you. They don't know how to handle humour, peaceful humour and that's our message really.   Questioner: what do you think was the biggest success in history, about 300 years?   John: haven't a clue.   Yoko: well, maybe it's still yet to happen, you see. That's why we're trying to do it. In other words, by very, very peaceful methods to bring peace, you know instead of peace through violence, that's what we're trying to do and if we succeed in that, that's the biggest happening yet in the last 300 years, because it's never been done and nobody has really tried it, you see. And that's what we're trying to do.   Questioner: what would you do in case of a war?   John: how do you mean?   Questioner: what would you do immediately if you would wake up in the morning, read the newspapers and they would tell you England is in war with France?   John: I'd die of fright.   Yoko: I don't think that should happen. You talk as if something's going to happen aside of us. We are all in this you see. We are all in the same society and in the same world and everything that happens to us is our responsibility, you know. Like any violence going in the world is just a symbol of all the violent atmosphere that is in the world, you see and when the nazism persecuted the jewish people that wasn't only hitler, who did it or Germany, who did it, but just a symbol of everybody in the world who had the feeling for the persecution of jews, you see. So we share everything, so that's not gonna happen, if there's war suddenly, that's our fault, you know.   Questioner: so what do you think about the behaviour of austrian and germans during the second world war? Don't you think that they're a little bit more responsible than the others?   John: no, not particularly.   Yoko: no, not particularly. No. The whole world, if the whole world was really aware of it and if the journalists and the communication media of those days were really aware of their responsibility as well and reported everything correct, you know, well, which is almost impossible, I'm sure, but as much as possible and if the whole world was aware of their responsibility, it could have been stopped, I'm sure.   John: well, we know that britain and a few other counties waited quite a long time before they made any decision about what to do. I'm not quite sure of the facts, you know, but after czechoslovakia and things like that, they could've stopped it earlier, but they waited until it's on the doorstep, you know, until it involves their money, their territory.   Questioner: there's a special type of petition that is vetoed by special contents ...   John: no. I don't think so because...   Questioner: hitler could have been voted by the French, for instance.   John: every nation will have a prototype. I think I was out talking to one of the austrian TV guys. I said can you name me one European country which hasn't sort of raped the world and he said austria actually was the only one that didn't attack anybody else. They were always on the defensive side, I don't know whether that's true.   Qustioner: but they were silent at the wrong moment...   John: okay, that's bad, I agree that silence is bad. But I mean there isn't one European country that hasn't had its hitler in one way or the other, including britain, in what they did to India and south Africa, you know.   Yoko: so let's so back to the future, you know. So that's why we're here. We want to talk mainly to the young people all over the world, because those are the people who are going to be the next generation. They're going to be the next world, you know, and we just want to say we are with them. We're not preaching or anything like that. We want to be with them and we're with them and in our way, we're just   Announcing that we're open to all invitations or suggestions or anything to work for the world peace, you see, and we're doing it now, in our own way, which we think is the best for us and also the young people have to realise that this is just as bad as before the second world war or right in the middle of it, you know, that everything, all the violence that is happening in the world now are our responsibility and if we don't really realise it and immediately start something, action, you know, it's going to be bad, you know. And it will be exactly like you said. One morning, we find in the newspaper, find that the whole world is going to disappear, you know.   Questioner: I agree with you, but don't you see, I mean, it's a fact that by through your behaviour, I think it's okay, but for a lot of people, through your behaviour, to get suspicious. They don't think that this can be correct, people sitting under a tablecloth protesting against wars. They don't think...   Yoko: okay, before they criticise us, you know, and if they want to criticise us, okay, go ahead, and they should do it in their own way, but do something, you know.   Questioner: so everybody should throw out his part of hitler out of his soul, then?   John: yes, yes, we all have it in us. In a way, we're saying we want peace and we're staying in bed for peace, but I'm as violent as the next man, and I'm sure Yoko is just as violent just as well. We're violent people, you know. I prefer myself when I'm non-violent. I prefer me friends when they're non-violent. It just makes for easier living and if we have to have violence, let's channel it, you know. I don't know how, you know, there's other people can work out how to channel it, or give them somewhere to play and kill each other or something. But I don't want to be involved in their violence. I prefer to live in peace, you know.   Yoko: all you need is courage, you know. You can just go out in the street now and take off all your clothes and just say peace you know and you'll be in the news you see. Just courage and if everybody gets courage and of course they would, because they would think all right maybe this is a little bit embarrassing thing to do, but look at John and Yoko they're doing worse, so I can do it, you know. That's all we're trying to do, you see.   Questioner: so you're putting courage, also, into the world?   John: we hope so.   Yoko: I hope so.   John: okay.   Stay in bed!   John: look there's a fly flitting around. Just makes you laugh.   Yoko: what time is it?   John: what's the time?   Yoko: what?   John: 9:30.good morning. I was saying about bagism, you see, you get in this bag and you jump out the window. Next thing you know, you got a policeman on your head. You want tea?   Yoko: you know what I want, John?   John: what; what, what, what. Oh, give us a chance! You want one before I do. Yes, our name got round a lot. Could I have room service, please. Do you want toast?   Yoko: just tea. Which do you want, coffee or tea?   John: tea.   Yoko: tea.   John: two tea's please. Yeah, 902 and some toast. Yeah, brown toast.   Good morning. Yeah, yeah. I know and some toast. Brown toast. Yeah. Thank you. Bye, bye.   All right then...   John: hello, dog. It's beautiful no, no, no. It'll just take a lot of looking after. Well think about you, amsterdam. It's a lovely dog, huh.   Yoko: yes, it's lovely.   John: thank you very much.   Visitor: here you are.   John: thank you. You gonna take him off me now'!   Visitor: yeah, if you don't mind. Thank you very much.   John: I thought you were giving   Visitor: bye, bye. Bye, bye. No, no.   John: I sort of was under that impression. She gave us the dog and then went away. Very nice.   Yoko: it's rather sort of really swinging though. Don't you think so?   John: the thought of the long haired beatle in the 19th century sanctuary. Please stop this nonsense. Go home. We don't like people like you. Go to a doctor to be normal, you get this? Go to a doctor to be normal. We're seeing a psychiatrist today, so maybe he'll fix us up then. Bloody marvellous. We don't get through on some level, as you notice. Was under marijuana. Beautiful, beautiful. Keep smoking. Nothing illegal beautiful, beautiful. Hey, those kids are as hard as the real press.   Yoko: yes, amazing.   John: amazing. They're just as tough as the real press. Very sexy. It's a boy, it's a boy.   Questioner: why are you staying in bed for 7 days?   John: ah, because...   Questioner: well, first of all, let me say congratulations on your marriage and that in dutch is gefiliciteerd met je getrouw.   John: oh, dank you wel, oh, chocolat!   Questioner: how about explaining this mission you are on at this moment!   John: well, you start...   Yoko: well, because we thought of this idea about staying in bed for 7 days for protest against violence in the world.   Questioner: did you think of its geographical situation as being the centre of Europe?   John: no, I didn't realise, is it? Oh, fantastic! It was magic then, you see, cause the way...   Questioner: well, they call it the centre of Europe. It's an advertising campaign for an airline.   John: okay, well give us a free ticket and we'll be all right.   Various people: stand up! Bend over towards us.Stand up on your knees, maybe. Turn up, turn up on your knees.As soon as we can ...unhearable ...but we need you here   John: so, anyway a policeman came in and an elephant jumped on me head, so I said what's going on and he said cabbages and the next moment I was on film, yeah. Love, peace and bed!not forgetting jam of course. Okay, guess now it's over?   Qustioner: are you cold?   John: no, no, no!   Questioner: yeah, music, you know, if you go back to the days of a, of a, let's see, where do we start now, we start with ""do you love me?""   John: not, not particularly.   How about that?   John singing: good bye amsterdam, goodbye.   Stay in bed,   For bed-in,   For peace of the world,   Stay in bed,   Grow your hair.   Grow your hair.   Okay, good night.   Now it's time to say good night,   Good night, sleep tight.   Now the sun puts out his light.   Yoko: what a beautiful day it was though, very tiring, though. It's so turning like crazy, you know.   John: you can say that sort of hot?   Yoko: grow your hair.   John: bed peace.   Yoko: hair peace.   John: hair peace, bed peace.   Oh, yeah."	0.9999	0.086	0.701	0.213
L	Beautiful Boys	You're a beautiful boy   With all your little toys   Your eyes have seen the world   Though you're only four years old   And your tears are streaming   Even when you're smiling   Please never be afraid to cry   You're a beautiful boy   With all your little ploys   Your mind has changed the world   And you're now forty years old   You got all you can carry   And still feel somehow empty   Don't ever be afraid to fly   All you beautiful boys   Creating multiple plays   You like to fence in your world   And settle down when you're old   You can run from pole to pole   And never scratch your soul   Don't be afraid to go to hell and back   Don't be afraid to go to hell and back   Don't be afraid to be afraid	0.7717	0.102	0.747	0.151
L	Blue Suede Shoes	Well, it's a one for the money, two for the show,   Three to get ready, now go, cat, go!   Don't you step on my blue suede shoes.   Well, you can do anything   But lay off them blue suede shoes.   Well, you can knock me down, step in my face,   Slander my name all over the place;   Do anything that you wanna do,   But, aw-aw, honey, lay off them shoes.   Don't you step on my blue suede shoes.   Well, you can do anything   But lay off them blue suede shoes.   Well, you can burn my house, steal my car,   Drink my liquor from the old fruit jar.   Do anything that you wanna do,   But, aw-aw, honey, lay off them shoes.   Don't you step on my blue suede shoes.   Well, you can do anything   But lay off them blue suede shoes.   Well, hey!   Well, it's blue, blue, blue suede shoes,   Hey, blue, blue, blue suede shoes,   Hey, blue, blue, blue suede shoes,   Hey, blue, blue, blue suede shoes.   Well, you can do anything   But lay off my blue suede shoes	0.9401	0.022	0.855	0.123
L	Bony Morone	I got a girl named Bony Morone   She's as skinny as a stick of macaroni   Ought to see her rock and roll with her blue jeans on   She's not very fat, just skin and bones.   I love her and she loves me. Oh how happy now we can be,   Making love underneath the apple tree.   Well, I told her mama and her papa too   Just exactly what I wanna do   I wanna get married on a night in June   And rock and roll by the light of the silvery moon   She's my one and only, she's my heart's desire   She's a real upsetter, she's a real live wire   Everyone turns when my baby walks by,   She's something to see, really catches the eye	0.9565	0.021	0.832	0.148
L	Don't Worry, Kyoko Mummy's Only Looking For Her Hand In The Snow	Snow -   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry.   Don't worry.   Don't worry,   Cgbl?jm klngbbhe   Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't,   Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, kyoko.   Don't worry.   Don't -   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry.   Kyoko, don't worry.   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,   Don't worry.   Don't, don't	-0.9953	0.538	0.431	0.031
L	Here In Some Stranger's Room	Close your eyes   Have no fear   The monster's gone   He's on the run and your daddy's here   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Before you go to sleep   Say a little prayer   Every day in every way   It's getting better and better   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Out on the ocean sailing away   I can hardly wait   To see you come of age   But I guess we'll both just have to be patient   'Cause it's a long way to go   A hard row to hoe   Yes it's a long way to go   But in the meantime   Before you cross the street   Take my hand   Life is what happens to you   While you're busy making other plans   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Before you go to sleep   Say a little prayer   Every day in every way   It's getting better and better   Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful   Beautiful boy   Darling, darling, darling   Darling Sean	0.9993	0.006	0.457	0.537
L	I Don't Wanna Be A Soldier	Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Well, I don't want to be a sailor mama, I don't want to fly   Well, I don't want to be a failure mama, I don't want to cry   Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no   Well, I don't want to be a rich man mama, I don't want to cry   Well, I don't want to be a poor man mama, I don't want to fly   Well, I don't want to be a lawyer mama, I don't want to lie   Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, hey!   Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Well, I don't want to be a thief now mama, I don't want to fly   Well, I don't want to be a churchman mama, I don't want to cry   Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, hey!   Oh well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Well, I don't want to be a sailor mama, I don't want to fly   Well, I don't want to be a failure mama, I don't want to cry   Well, I don't want to be a soldier mama, I don't want to die   Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no	0.9858	0.173	0.618	0.209
L	Incantation	"Na-omi-ah   Yeah   Na-ah   Na-omi-ah   Yeah   Na-ah   Na-omi-ah   Yeah   Na-ah   Na-omi-ah   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   If ya ever meet the sweet rolling thunder   Flying on the dead of the night   Just call me if ya can't get his number   Watching how that rattlesnake bites   All he's got is real understanding   Smokin' through his medicine head   Watch him get down to the unreal voodoo   And shove it to the living dead   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   What's happenin',' found his face in a bad dream, momma?   Flying on the dead of the night   I woke up and then I let out a bad scream, ooh!   Watching how that rattlesnake bites   Rolling thunder said, ""Ya got this one started""   What happened there, did the kid get high, high?   All the dog soldiers shootin' uncoke-a-cola   Get 'em dancin' till they lose their minds   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   Ah, yeah!   Incantation   Ooh, ooh, ooh   Shh! Rattlesnake, buddy!   Watching how the rattlesnake bites   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Oh, here I come   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Oh, here I come   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Come   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Come, oh, here I come   Incantation coming to get you   Come, come   Incantation coming   Oh, here I come   Incantation coming to get you   Incantation coming   Oh, here I come, come, come   Incantation coming to get you   Oh, here I come   Incantation coming   Come, come, come, oh, here I come   Incantation   Wow, wow, wow! Ah ha ha! Oh, here I come, watch it!   Wow!   Oh, here I come!"	0.6604	0.084	0.812	0.104
L	John John Let's Hope For Peace	John, oh, John,   John,   Let's hope for peace.   Oh, John, let's hope for peace.   John, oh, John,   Let's hope for peace,   Let's hope for peace,   Let's hope for peace,   Peace, peace, peace.   Oh, John, oh, John, John, John,   Oh, John,   John,   Oh, oh, John, John, John,   John, John, John, John, John, John,   John, John, John, John, John, John, John,   Let's hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope for peace.   Peace -   John	0.9967	0.0	0.417	0.583
L	Listen, The Snow Is Falling	Listen, the snow is falling over town   Listen, the snow is falling everywhere   Between Empire State building   And between Trafalgar Square   Listen, the snow is falling over town   Listen, the snow is falling over town   Listen, the snow is falling everywhere   Between your bed and mine   Between your head and my mind   Listen, the snow is falling over town   Between Tokyo and Paris   Between London and Dallas   Between your God and mine   Listen, the snow is falling everywhere   Snow, dream   Snowfall   Snow, fly   Listen   Listen	-0.4767	0.123	0.832	0.045
L	Medley	"Well, it's Saturday night and I just got paid,   Fool about my money, don't try to save.   My heart says, ""go! Go! Have a time!""   'Cause it's Saturday night and, baby, I feel fine.   Gonna rip it up,   Gonna rock it up,   Gonna shake it up,   Gonna ball it up,   Gonna rock it up,   And ball the night.   I got me a date and I won't be late,   Picked her up in my eighty-eight.   Shag on down to the union hall,   When the joint starts jumpin', I'll have a ball.   Gonna rip it up,   Gonna rock it up,   Gonna shake it up,   Gonna ball it up,   Gonna rock it up,   And ball the night.   Whoa!   Well, ready, set, go man, go,   I got a girl that I love so.   And I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready, ready, ted to rock and roll.   Goin' to the corner, pick up my sweetie pie,   She's a rock and roll baby, she's the apple of my eye.   I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready,   Ready, ready, ted,   I'm ready, ready, ted to rock and roll"	0.9951	0.036	0.671	0.293
L	Money	The best things in life are free   But you can tell me 'bout the birds and bees.   Now gimme money that's what I want   That's what I want that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want.   Money don't get everything it's true.   What it don't get I can't use.   So gimme money that's what I want   A little money that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want.   Yeh gimme money that's what I want   A little money that's what I want   That's what I want that's what I want   So gimme money that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want.   Your lovin' give me a thrill   But your lovin' don't pay my bill.   Now gimme money that's what I want   That's what I want that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want.   Money don't get everything it's true.   What it don't get I can't use.   So gimme money that's what I want   A little money that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want.   Yeh gimme money that's what I want   A little money that's what I want   That's what I want that's what I want   So gimme money that's what I want   That's what I want, ye-ye-yeh,   That's what I want	0.9884	0.0	0.748	0.252
L	Mount Elga	Mount Elga, Mount Elga   A high mountain   I climb as I'm dreaming, a-huh   Mount Elga, Mount Elga   A high mountain   I climb as I'm dreaming   Catching me hell   To climb this hill   The more I try to climb   I'm slipping still   Me body run down   Me feeling weak   The more I try to climb up   This mountain peak	-0.7906	0.117	0.859	0.023
L	One Day	You are my weakness, you are my strength   Nothing I have in the world makes better sense   'Cause I'm a fish and you're the sea   When we're together or when we're apart   There's never a space in between the beat of our hearts   'Cause I'm the apple and you're the tree   One day at a time is all we do   One day at a time is good for you   You are my woman, I am your man   Nothing else matters at all, now I understand   That I'm the door and you're the key   Every morning I wake in your smile   Feeling your breath on my face and the love in your eyes   'Cause you're the honey and I'm the bee   One day at a time is all we do   One day at a time is good for us too you too   'Cause I'm the fish and you're the sea   'Cause I'm the apple and you're the tree   'Cause I'm the door and you're the key   'Cause you're the honey and I'm the bee	0.9453	0.021	0.872	0.107
L	One Of The Boys	Hello hello hello, hello hello hello. Got it wrong, take two, folk.  Well, he's no longer le grasson vital   He's just one of the boys   You know they say that he's aged very well   Still he's just one of the boys   You know he stays at the exclusive hotels   Yet he's still one of the boys   It doesn't matter how old you are   You're as dumb as you feel right now   Dumb as you feel right now   It does not matter how old you are   Well, he's no longer le grasson vital   But he's still one of the boys   They said, they said that he's aged very well   Still he's just one of the boys   He stays at all the exclusive hotels   Yet he's still just one of the boys   It does not matter how old you are   You're as young as you feel right now   It does not matter how old you are   You're as dumb as you feel right now   Well, he's no longer do do do do do   Do do do do do do do   La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la   Down in the Caribbean, it's not a dream you see   Do do do do do do do do do do   He's just one of the boys   Do do do do do do do do do do   He's just one of the boys   Do do do do do do do   One of the boys   It does not matter how old you are   You're as young as you feel right now   It does not matter how old you are what!   It does not matter how old you are   It does not matter how old   It does not matter how old you are   Do do do   Do do do do do do do   Do do do do   Do do do do do do do   He's just one of the boys	-0.7443	0.086	0.865	0.049
L	Remember Love	Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to sing   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to meet   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to live   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to dream   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to see   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to meet   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to live   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to tie   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to live   Remember love, remember love   Love is what it takes to tie   Remember love, remember love   Love, remember love, love, love	0.9994	0.0	0.349	0.651
L	Rock & Roll People	Two, three, four!   Yeah, we're rock and roll people, born to pick the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   Don't tell me where your head is, man   I can see your shinin' shoes   Don't play the Virgin Mary   We all know you've been screwed   Rock and roll people, born to be the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   My father was a mother   My mother was a son   Don't play the dog for dinner   We all been twenty-one   We're rock and roll people, born to be the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   Don't ask me what the time is   Or how much space I need   Don't play the Mona Lisa   You'll know where she's been   Well, rock and roll people, born to be the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Rock, rock, rock and roll   Rock, rock, rock and roll   Rock, rock, rock and roll   Uh huh, uh   Hey!   Two, three, four!   We're the rock and roll people, born to pick the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   Don't ask me where your head is, man   I can see your shinin' shoes   Don't play the Virgin Mary   We all know you've been screwed   Well, rock and roll people, born to pick the news   Yeah, we're rock and roll people   I just couldn't change it if I would choose to   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet rock and roll   Sweet, sweet   Okay!	0.9973	0.036	0.728	0.235
L	Send Me Some Lovin'	Send me some lovin',   Send it I pray.   How can I love you   When you're so far away?   Send me your picture,   Send it, my dear.   So I can hold it   And pretend you are here.   Send me your kisses,   I can feel your touch.   I need you, I need you so badly,   Don't you know I miss you so much?   My days are so lonely,   My nights are so blue.   I'm here and I'm lonely,   Just waitin' for you	0.2564	0.136	0.736	0.129
L	Steppin' Out	This here's the story about a house husband   Who, you know, just has to get out of the house   He's been looking at the, you know, the kids for days and days   He's been washing the dishes and screwing around and watching Sesame Street   'Til he's gone crazy   Woke up this morning, blues around my head   No need to ask the reason why   Went to the kitchen and lit a cigarette   Blew my worries to the sky   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out, yeah   If it don't feel right, you don't have to do it   Just leave a message on the phone and tell them to screw it   After all is said and done you can't go pleasin' everyone   So screw it   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out, baby   I'm steppin' out   Baby's sleeping, the cats have all been blessed   Ain't nothing doing on TV, summer repeats   Put on my space suit, I got to look my best   I'm going out to do the city   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out, babe   I'm steppin' out   Boogie   One more   I'm steppin' out   Hold it down   I'm steppin' out   I'm steppin' out   Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta get out   I'm steppin' out, babe   Just awhile   Ain't been out for days   Got to do it tonight   Gimme a break, gimme a break   Gotta get out   Gotta get out   Just for awhile, just for the night   I'll be in before one or two	0.1365	0.052	0.909	0.039
L	Walking On Thin Ice	Walking on thin ice,   I'm paying the price   For throwing the dice in the air.   Why must we learn it the hard way   And play the game of life with your heart?   I gave you my knife,   You gave me my life   Like a gush of wind in my hair.   Why do we forget what's been said   And play the game of life with our hearts?   I may cry some day,   But the tears will dry whichever way.   And when our hearts return to ashes,   It'll be just a story,   It'll be just a story.   I knew a girl who tried to walk across the lake,   Course it was winter when all this was ice.   That's a hell of a thing to do, you know.   They say the lake is as big as the ocean.   I wonder if she knew about it?	-0.8702	0.091	0.875	0.034
L	Well Baby Please Don't Go	Two, three, four   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well, well   Know I love you, baby, please don't go, well, well   You know I love you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well   Know I need you, baby, please don't go   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well   You know I love you, honey child   Nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   Know I love you, baby, please don't go, well   You know I want you, baby, please don't go, well, well   Know I want you, baby, please don't go   You know I love you, honey child   There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   You know I want, baby, please don't go, well   You know I love you, baby, please don't go, well   You know I love you, baby, please don't go   You know I love you, honey child   Nothing that I wouldn't do for you right now   I know I love you, baby, please don't go, well, hey	0.9963	0.087	0.585	0.328
L	Whatever Get You Through The Night	One, two, three, four   All right, all right   Whatever gets you through the night   It's all right, all right   It's your money or your life   It's all right, all right   Don't need a sword to cut through flowers   Oh no, oh no   Whatever gets you through your life   It's all right, all right   Doin' wrong, doin' wrong, do it right   It's all right, all right   Don't need a watch to waste your time   Oh no, oh no   Listen, listen   Hold me, darlin', come on, listen to me   I won't do you no harm   Trust me, darlin', come on, listen to me   Come on, listen to me, listen, listen, listen   All right   Whatever gets you to the light   It's all right, it's all right   Out the blue or out of sight   It's all right, all right   Don't need a gun to blow your mind   Oh no, no no, no no   Listen   Hold me, darlin', come on, listen to me   I won't do you no harm   Trust me, darlin', come on, listen to me   Come on, listen to me, listen to me, listen to me   All right   Do it right, do it right, do it right, do it right   Doin' it right, doin' it right   Stop   Incomprehensible	-0.9151	0.112	0.838	0.051
L	When In Doubt, Fuck It	I need a beginning  Right+B179  When in doubt, fuck it   No, you can't not control your prick	-0.6077	0.272	0.635	0.092
